1. Traineeship Description
This position reports directly to the management and work as part of the company’s consulting team. At YNL 360 Pte Ltd (Stendard), we believe that quality is everyone’s business because it takes a team to consistently deliver and uphold great standards that build confidence with customers, partners and the community. We are a regulatory consultancy and technology company that helps businesses implement international standards, streamline business processes across the organisation, and accelerate global growth. Our vision is to put quality at the centre of your business and make it easier.
2. Specific Responsibilities
Project Management &amp; Engineering Support

  Assist the CTO &amp; Lead Engineer in planning for timeline/resources needed for each development sprints.
  Ensuring that sprints are conducted and implemented in accordance with internal compliance &amp; processes.
  Work with Client Success &amp; Product team to obtain improvement feedbacks and to align it back to Engineering Team’s schedules.
  Be actively involved in the updates and maintenance work on existing Stendard Solution™ (RegTech product).
  Be involved in architectural planning, UI/UX, active development, database management and commissioning as part of the full stack journey.
  Work as part of a team and communicate ideas and feedback effectively.

Engineering Challenge

  Selected intern will be given an opportunity to work on his/her own project to increase the capability of our suite of products/services.
  Challenge will involve an entire full stack experience, incl. the design and implementation of browser-based Microsoft Office (Word, PPT, Excel, SharePoint).
  Successful implementation will expose intern to work directly with the management in combining the software capabilities together.

Applicants should have good knowledge and understanding in:

  ASP.NET
  Microsoft SharePoint
  Office Web Apps Server
  Full understanding of RESTFUL API

Advantageous to be proficient in:

  PHP / Laravel / similar framework
  HTML, CSS, JavaScript
  Mobile responsive
  JavaScript frameworks (ReactJs, AngularJs, VueJs, etc.)

3. Competencies

  Active participation in meetings with the Management and engineering team to develop innovative features and solutions of the Stendard Solution™ platform.
  Learn to be a project manager and handle tight timeline and deliverables.
  Learn specific new software languages and framework relevant and/or complementary to the existing software platform.
  Part of the exciting team to translate market feedback and learning into new Stendard Solution™ software offering/features as continuous innovation.

4. Education Qualifications Required for the Traineeship Role

  University Degree

5. Eligibility Criteria for SGUnitedTraineeships:

  Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident; and
  Graduated or graduating in calendar year 2019 or 2020 from ITEs, polytechnics, universities, or other educational institutions (e.g. private universities and overseas institutions); or
  Graduated earlier from above institutions and completed National Service in 2019 or 2020.
