1.Traineeship Description:-
Candidate will work within a team of simulation specialists and supervised by a team manager to undertake projects relating to urban environment and building simulations. BSD is an equal opportunity company with offices and projects in the region. Candidate can expect to eventually acquire specialised knowledge in environmental airflow and related fluid dynamics simulations. The job scope fits within a large green built environment industry which is a promising industry and this position exposes candidates to a variety of specialisation within the built environment. There will also be ample opportunities for upgrading and participating in cutting-edge research and development.

2. Specific Responsibilities:-
Candidate to be involved in:
1. Conduct building performance simulation (daylighting, ventilation simulation using CFD and thermal comfort analysis)
2. Pre-processing of simulation by preparing 3D models, input of boundary conditions for the different simulation and post processing of simulation results.
3. Preparation of report and presentation.
4. Project management, attending project meetings, interactions with project members (architect, engineers, contractors, building managers, vendors, etc)
Work with colleagues to deliver successful project outcomes

3. Competencies:-
1. Ability &nbsp;&nbsp;to read architectural, structural, and mechanical plan drawings
2. Gain &nbsp;&nbsp;detailed understanding of various building performance simulations, &nbsp;&nbsp;engineering design and CFD / daylighting simulation techniques
3. Gain &nbsp;&nbsp;good understanding of commercial CFD / daylighting software as well as other &nbsp;&nbsp;software that are widely used in the industry such as AutoCAD, Sketchup and &nbsp;&nbsp;Rhinoceros
4. Gain &nbsp;&nbsp;technical skills to perform an airflow/ daylighting simulation and analysis
5. Project &nbsp;&nbsp;management skills including project timelines, budget, communication etc.
6. How &nbsp;&nbsp;to engage project owners and stakeholders professionally
7. Communication &nbsp;&nbsp;and presentation skills to bring across value-engineering inputs.

4. Education Qualifications Required for the Traineeship Role:-
Degree holder

5. Eligibility Criteria for SGUnitedTraineeships:-
•Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident; and
a.Graduated or graduating in calendar year 2019 or 2020 from ITEs, polytechnics, universities, or other educational institutions (e.g. private universities and overseas institutions); or
b.Graduated earlier from above institutions and completed National Service in 2019 or 2020.