Joining C&amp;C is a distinctive opportunity to develop your career within a successful organization where everyone respects each other and enjoys working together. We recognize your performance in both tangible and intangible ways, by providing you development opportunities and making you feel respected.
The Opportunity
We are looking for a dedicated Officer - Parts to join our Parts Store team. You will be responsible for providing administrative and logistical support to ensure the smooth and orderly operations in the parts store. Being in a dynamic environment, you are expected to adapt, pick up and apply new skills and knowledge which will be necessary to your success in this role.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

  This role requires you to provide logistical support to facilitate the daily operations
  Collaborate with service team and ensure their Parts and Accessories requirements are being address
  You will provide Parts costing information, handle ordering of the Parts not in stock and update the service team on the delivery details
  Part of the job scope is to monitor and handle stock checks daily/weekly to ensure healthy inventory levels
  You shall check, receive and inspect items and quantities delivered in a timely manner
  Verify parts against invoices, purchase orders or requisitions to ensure accuracy will be part of your accountability
  Issue and keep proper records of the required purchase orders, invoices and inventory reports
  You are to maintain daily housekeeping to ensure Parts Store cleanliness and tidiness
  Adhere to safety and security procedures in handling parts
  Provide administrative duties to support supervisors

You should possess an education level of Nitec / Higher Nitec with at least 2 years’ relevant experience in logistics management or equivalent. There will be added advantage if you have automotive related background.
We would require you to be proficient in Microsoft Office applications and meticulous in numbers, with basic command of English (both verbal and written) in order to own the job responsibilities.
Are you a strong teammate with good social and communications skills, holding a valid Class 3 Driving License and Forklift License? If yes, send in your application and give us the opportunity to know you.
About the Company
A member of the Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage Group, C&amp;C is one of the leading automotive groups in Singapore. We started out in 1899 as a trader in nutmegs and other sundries. In more than 100 years since, we have grown to become a major player in the automotive industry in Singapore, retailing Mercedes-Benz, Mitsubishi, Kia and Citroën passenger cars and commercial vehicles. At Cycle &amp; Carriage, it is more than just the recognition we have earned as being the leader in its class. "Exceptional Journeys" encapsulates our passion for our existence. Bringing together high-performing team members and technical excellence to create people-focused experiences that consistently exceed expectations. Whether it is a customer we serve, an employee that we engage, a brand that we carry, we want to support them in creating exceptional journeys for themselves.
We have a constant mission to strive towards being an Employer of Choice in the countries we operate in. Some of our better performing countries have consistently being recognised for commendable people practices such as:

  HR Asia’s Best Companies to Work for 5 consecutive years in 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019
  Finalist in HR Excellence Awards 2016 for Recruitment and Leadership Development
  Winner of Innovative Talent Acquisition Strategy Award in the Annual Jardine Matheson HR Conference 2016
  Winner of Excellence In Innovative Use of HR Technology in HR Excellence Awards 2017
  Merit for Singapore Health Award as awarded by Health Promotion Board
  Jardine Matheson HR Conference 2017, where we clinched the Best Employer Brand, Best Work-Life Balance and Best HR Team Awards
  Jardine Matheson HR Conference 2018 for Excellence in Employee Transformation
  Bronze Award in HR Excellence Award 2019 for Excellence in HR Innovation

The emphasis on employee experience has been on the forefront of the C&amp;C’s people practices. Keen for a career conversation? Connect with us to find out more.
(You would be notified if you are shortlisted. By submitting your application, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data contained in this document by Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage Limited and its subsidiaries and affiliates, for assessing your career application).