Job Responsibilities:

  Develops a thorough      and expert understanding of the business and its functions, processes and      operations.
  Keeps abreast of      business and market trends which may affect the supported segment and      region, monitor and analyze these trends and market changes.
  Researches and      gathers business and financial information regarding business results.
  Performs complex      analyses to support business decisions, provide feedback regarding results      and make recommendations on findings.
  Develops and produces      complex ad-hoc and automated departmental reports and spreadsheets to      include but not limited to project or product strategy analysis,      profitability, historical reporting, workflow analysis, and financial      analysis.
  Designs and      implements specialized analytical models to support business decisions,      making recommendations based on research and analysis.
  Leads and authors      presentations independently, collaborate and demonstrate the ability to      “connect the dots” of research, data and information, yielding actionable      conclusions that result in strategically sound solutions and programs for      the business.
  Formulates      strategies, suggest changes or improvements to current business plans,      policies and procedures to optimize near-term growth.
  Performs other      assignments/projects as assigned by the supervisor.

Job Requirements:

  BSc/BA in Business      Management, Engineering, Marketing, Finance or Science.
  MSc/MA/MBA is a      plus.
  2 to 5 years of      experience as a strategic planner in a comparable organization in related      industries preferably with Process/Valve Automation/Oil &amp; Gas/Chemical      is a plus.
  Strong knowledge of      business concepts, practices and procedures.
  A firm grasp of      economics, financial analysis, market research and data analysis.
  Excellent analytical      and judgement skills essential for planning and accomplishing strategic      goals.
  Excellent      presentation skills with strong PowerPoint and Excel knowledge.
  Strong time      management and project management skills.
  Teamwork and      leadership skills.
  High-level      collaboration skills required for global regions/ cross functions/ Emerson      cross Business Units work
  Fluency in spoken      and written English for presentation to the Board.
  Ability and      flexibility to travel.
