MISSION AND RESPONSIBILITIES
We are looking for exceptional finance professional to support our APAC Logistic teams, located at Coty’s APAC regional headquarters in Singapore.

Leading cost &amp; cash optimization for logistic globally. Accountable for transportation and warehousing monthly reporting, annual plan and profit forecasts. Ensuring compliance to the accounting rules of the company.

The role will report to Logistic Finance VP and dotted line to APAC logistic Leader.
Managing a team of 1 people located in Singapore regional headquarters and across Logistics Market hubs.

Your main areas of focus will be to:

1. Supply chain Financial Analysis and Processes

  Project-base tasks
  Develop financial models and deliver financial analysis for decision making on logistic projects
  Support operational teams to develop local logistic strategic plan &amp; productivity projects portfolio, challenging productivity programs and animating internal and external benchmark.
  Lead monthly DC performance review with each cluster (SEA, ANZ, GC)
  Coordinate Plan and Forecast processes within the Finance Operations Community. Coordinate communication with organizations outside of Operations (Regional CFO)
  Review analysis of cost to Serve Performance per main clusters.
  Provide financial support on capital investment decisions via return on investment analysis

2. Supply Chain Financial Accounting and Reporting

  Ensure reporting of Consolidated Logistic results (including Savings) and other Corporate Operations reports issued to the Global Central Finance Team (MOR, inventory, scorecards, Performances review) for the monthly closing, the LEs, the Budget.
  Enhance forecast quality and accuracy across logistic teams.
  Elaborate and follow-up E2E Total Logistic Overheads budget
  Coordinate the budget and latest estimates presentations to the Logistic Team , regional CFO
  Ensure that reporting processes in place are followed and updated
  Develop capabilities &amp; Talent across logistic finance team &amp; finance functions

3. Supply Chain Compliances

  Ensure APAC hub compliances Requirement in relation with Internal Audit (process update, LRD set up)
  Provide to Corporate adequate support for divesture, acquisition or turnaround projects , Tax Audit (transfer price)

QUALIFICATIONS – CRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORS

  Strong ownership and operational excellence to take initiative and to drive action and results.
  Hands-on professional with strong analytical and problem- solving skills.
  Experience in finance processes (Accounting, Controlling and/or Audit) and systems (SAP, HFM, SAP BI)
  Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Finance &amp; Accounting preferred or equivalent work experience
  Proven people Management skills
  Profound project management experience.
  Background in Logistics/operations environment highly appreciated.
  Self-motivated, high level of transparency and integrity, enjoy working in fast evolving business environment and in teams including remote resources
  Outstanding written and verbal communication. Proficiency in English and Mandarin would be a plus.

THE COTY IDEAL FIT

  High personal drive, confidence, integrity and determination
  Thrives on challenges and keeps a healthy attitude under pressure.
  Is resilient and agile, adapts to new challenges quickly and effectively
  Collaborates easily and effectively with others and adapts to different working styles
  Leverages the skills of the organization through effective team work
  Takes responsibility for the quality of all deliverables, contributes to doing things better and faster
  Seeks feedback, reflects on the learning and takes forward into their ways of working
  Proactively seeks improvement, is a solution provider and a problem solver
  Ability to think strategically and beyond managing the numbers; needs to envision new ways of working to enable execution of plans
