Stamfles International is an award-winning foodservice company. Established since 1997, our experience ranges from institutional catering - providing 50,000 meals a day for Fortune 500 clients in the past – to the present revolutionary food innovation and automation as evidenced by iKook and Roost.
Innovation has always been part of our DNA. As we embark on yet another business transformation – the establishment of our e-commerce platform, we invite passionate trainees to be part of our digitalisation journey.

Job Description:
As a Senior Account Executive, you will be responsible for the full spectrum of accounting/finance functions, including the preparation and closing of monthly and annual financial statements. You must also ensure timely and accurate preparation of monthly management.

Job Responsibilities:

  Handle full sets of accounts.
  Responsible for GST, CPF and all tax submissions and compliance matters.
  Reconcile balance sheet items.
  Prepare costing reporting, cash flow projection, bank reconciliation and cash flow management.
  Prepare monthly and quarterly financial, budgeting and management reports.
  Ensure internal control, SOPs compliance with company policies and procedures.
  Ensure all transactions are recorded properly, accurately and timely in compliance with local accounting policy.
  Coordinate and liaise with external auditors, tax agents, company secretary, local tax and government authorities.
  Responsible for payroll functions such as verifying staff claim, monthly payroll and CPF contribution.
  Handle Work Pass related matters - Application, Renewal &amp; Cancellation.
  Submission of government claims (Pro-family leave, NS claims, IRAS tax clearance, IR8A, etc).
  Provide support and assistance on other general administration related matters.
  Other ad-hoc duties as assigned by Management.

Job Requirements: 

  Bachelor degree in Accountancy or related field with a strong finance foundation.
  Min 5 years of relevant working experience, ideally in the food industry.
  Preferably with at least 3 years of working experience handling full set of accounting.
  Prior experience in retail or SME environment is preferred.
  Ability to handle priorities and work under tight timeline while multitasking and conforming swiftly to changes.
  Able to work under pressure and meet job objectives and deadlines independently.
  Pro-active, committed and motivated individual who possess a positive work attitude and is meticulous with an eye for detail.
  Good analytical, organizational and communication skills.
  Possess strong honesty, integrity and confidentiality.
  A good team player with a pleasant personality and good interpersonal skills.
