What we do
Coda Payments (https://www.codapayments.com/) helps Google, Tencent, and other leading digital content providers monetise their products in places where credit and debit cards aren’t widely used. We establish partnerships with a wide range of alternative payment channel operators who make it possible for customers to pay in other ways: paying cash at retail, using a mobile wallet, making a bank transfer, or redeeming a prepaid card.
Coda also allows publishers to accept payments through these various methods on their own website or at our gaming e-commerce site - codashop.com.

What it is like to be in our team
Life at Coda is fast-paced; our instinct is to bite off a bit more than we can chew, so we’re always busy. As a rapidly growing startup, we’re always ready to keep up and adapt to changes quickly; when we go fast, we have shorter time to react.
We’re always impatient and we don’t wait for things to happen; we hustle to make them happen. If you’re someone who is tired of waiting for your ideas to be heard; someone who is hungry to contribute more; someone who derives more satisfaction from team wins rather than from individuals ones; and someone who values integrity rather than cutting corners - you will fit perfectly into the Coda team!

Your role
Reporting to the CTO, the successful candidate will engineer, implement, and maintain Coda’s IT infrastructure, including but not limited, to our payment gateway, our B2C e-commerce website, and B2B e-commerce API, and our internal applications.
You will work with other department directors to ensure that our 100% cloud-based infrastructure is able to support our systems in a cost-effective manner, complying with our 99% uptime service agreement and under our latency benchmarks.  You will decide on the tools our team needs to monitor and maintain these services.
Based on your interaction with the CTO and other directors, you will define a long term infrastructure roadmap and will ensure that the resources that you manage work towards this long term plan.

Duties and Responsibilities:

  Responsible for development and day-to-day management of 24x7 accessible systems to include: Codapay, Codashop. Internal portals, x-shop.
  Provide technical leadership, expertise, and consulting across the organization; oversee infrastructure problem management and resolution as well as system implementations.
  Meet periodically with the CTO and other directors to ensure alignment on the company strategy.
  Along with our security and compliance department, develop, implement, and enforce policies and standards relating to the operation and performance of the organization IT systems and services for hosting, cloud, networking, collaboration, endpoint computing and network security.
  Develop and implement a plan for logical and technical IT infrastructure to meet company goals by recommending technologies and services that will increase performance, reliability, cost-effectiveness, infrastructure flexibility, or provide a strategic advantage to the organization.
  Oversee IT system and network security technologies; institute necessary procedures to maintain a secure IT environment.
  Foster a collaborative environment with other directors. Recommend business logic and architectural changes to improve reliability and performance metrics.
  Coordinate enterprise-level purchase decisions; maintain accurate records of ITS licenses and contracts including hardware and software maintenance; maintain appropriate vendor relations.
  Supervise system, networking, telecommunications and endpoint solutions staff; provide technical guidance and direction; manage staff development, training and performance.
  Oversee all reports and documentation related to network, systems, endpoint, and telecommunications support operations.
  Improve continuous deployment systems.
  Provide hands-on infrastructure support as needed.
  Other duties as needed and defined by the CTO.


Qualifications

  BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or comparable discipline required; MS/MBA preferred. Significant job experience can be considered in lieu of a degree.
  Proven experience in high volumes, low latency eCommerce or Payment systems preferred.
  AWS cloud expertise.
  Linux administration and tuning expertise.
  Minimum of 7 recent years’ experience that includes both management and technology experience with enterprise-level systems and server hardware, software, operating systems, communications systems; significant experience providing IT support.
  Proven ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects and activities within time, budget and technical constraints.
  Experience in the design, implementation and support of infrastructure plans for complex organizations to include enterprise-level server technology, system applications, storage solutions, network and telecommunications architecture, and disaster/recovery procedures. Knowledge of proven architectural patterns for global e-commerce sites.
  Demonstrated ability to communicate/work with a diverse community at all levels of technical ability; excellent customer service skills; and a high degree of integrity.
  Broad and deep knowledge of computing infrastructure (hardware, software, network) project management, IT operations and disaster response/recovery operations. Knowledge of facilities and plant management (including air, power, network and monitoring) preferred.
  Good knowledge of applicable data security/privacy practices and laws required. Knowledge on payment industry compliance preferred.
  Strong analytical, planning, project management, supervision, team building, and problem-solving abilities; aptitude for learning new technical skills quickly.
  MySQL administration knowledge is a plus.
  A good understanding of AWS serverless architectural patterns is a plus.
  Agile methodologies is a plus.

If you're looking for a rapid-growth environment and great teams to work with, you should apply now.
We're sorry to inform you that only the shortlisted candidates will be notified as we may be overwhelmed by the number of applicants that go into our system, hence if you do not get a reply from us - don't give up on us just yet!
We encourage you to also check out our career site at https://codapayments.bamboohr.com/jobs/ - we may have other suitable openings for you.