Joining C&amp;C is a distinctive opportunity to develop your career within a successful organization where everyone respects each other and enjoys working together. We recognize your performance in both tangible and intangible ways, by providing you development opportunities and making you feel respected.
The Opportunity
As a member of the Mercedes-Benz customer service team, you will provide valet parking services to our customers by driving their vehicles to designated parking lots safely &amp; efficiently.
Responsibilities:

  Inspect customers’ vehicles conditions, record mileage and fuel level
  Park customers’ vehicles in designated car parks in a safe and efficient manner
  Monitor traffic activities to ensure sufficient parking lots at all times
  Prepare and deliver customers’ vehicles timely &amp; safely upon request

To be considered for this position, you should have a valid Class 3 driving license with preferably 2 years of relevant experience as a valet driver. You should demonstrate a good basic command of spoken and written English and a great teammate who is customer-oriented and well-groomed.

About the Company
A member of the Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage Group, C&amp;C is one of the leading automotive groups in Singapore. We started out in 1899 as a trader in nutmegs and other sundries. In more than 100 years since, we have grown to become a major player in the automotive industry in Singapore, retailing Mercedes-Benz, Mitsubishi, Kia and Citroën passenger cars and commercial vehicles. At Cycle &amp; Carriage, it is more than just the recognition we have earned as being the leader in its class. "Exceptional Journeys" encapsulates our passion for our existence. Bringing together high-performing team members and technical excellence to create people-focused experiences that consistently exceed expectations. Whether it is a customer we serve, an employee that we engage, a brand that we carry, we want to support them in creating exceptional journeys for themselves.
We have a constant mission to strive towards being an Employer of Choice in the countries we operate in. Some of our better performing countries have consistently being recognised for commendable people practices such as:

  HR Asia’s Best Companies to Work for 5 consecutive years in 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019
  Finalist in HR Excellence Awards 2016 for Recruitment and Leadership Development
  Winner of Innovative Talent Acquisition Strategy Award in the Annual Jardine Matheson HR Conference 2016
  Winner of Excellence In Innovative Use of HR Technology in HR Excellence Awards 2017
  Merit for Singapore Health Award as awarded by Health Promotion Board
  Jardine Matheson HR Conference 2017, where we clinched the Best Employer Brand, Best Work-Life Balance and Best HR Team Awards
  Jardine Matheson HR Conference 2018 for Excellence in Employee Transformation
  Bronze Award in HR Excellence Award 2019 for Excellence in HR Innovation

The emphasis on employee experience has been on the forefront of the C&amp;C’s people practices. Keen for a career conversation? Connect with us to find out more.
(You would be notified if you are shortlisted. By submitting your application, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data contained in this document by Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage Limited and its subsidiaries and affiliates, for assessing your career application).