1.Traineeship Description:-
Candidate will work within a team of engineers supervised by building physics specialist/ building energy specialist. Based on big data gathered from building simulations or operating data collected from actual buildings or from our projects, Candidate can expect to conduct coding of data relationship analysis based on open source programs related to multivariate linear/non-linear regression and neural network. The green built environment industry moves next generation of enhanced services which will be driven by big data analysis. There will also be ample opportunities for upgrading quality of building simulations in cutting-edge research and development.

2. Specific Responsibilities:-
Candidate to be involved in:
1. Understanding basic of computer programming languages such as python, C++, or other computer languages.
2. Utilization of machine learning processes from open source libraries to conduct big data analysis.
3. Utilization of parametric programming tool such as grasshopper with building simulation team.
4. Development of web pages by using JavaScript.
5. Technical discussion with building physics /building energy specialist.
6. Work with colleagues to deliver successful project outcomes

3. Competencies:-
1. Gain detailed understanding of application of &nbsp;&nbsp;machine learning for building physics and energy analysis in green building &nbsp;&nbsp;industry.
2. Skills to use open sources for machine learning &nbsp;&nbsp;process for actual building operational data
3. Skills for a parametric programming tool with &nbsp;&nbsp;grasshopper.
4. Experience cutting edge R&amp;D in green building &nbsp;&nbsp;industry.
5. Communication and presentation skill to bring &nbsp;&nbsp;across value adding services for building physics/ energy.

4. Education Qualifications Required for the Traineeship Role:-
Degree holder

5. Eligibility Criteria for SGUnitedTraineeships:-
•Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident; and
a.Graduated or graduating in calendar year 2019 or 2020 from ITEs, polytechnics, universities, or other educational institutions (e.g. private universities and overseas institutions); or
b.Graduated earlier from above institutions and completed National Service in 2019 or 2020.

