HDT Singapore Taxi Pte Ltd #SGUnitedJobs
Automotive Engineer
Department : Aftersales
Section : Maintenance Operations

Purpose of Position

  Vehicle maintenance / repair activities are carried out in the most cost-effective manner and enhance the profitability of the company.
  To ensure quality products and services are delivered to the highest level of  satisfaction to the customers regardless in-house or external maintenance/ repair activities.
  To develop a team of multi-skilled technicians with an aim to have a team of  flexible workforce.
  To liaise with various parties on claim matters and prepare report to submit  to China HQ.
  To provide training or briefing to internal &amp; external if needed, etc
  Ensure monthly, weekly or daily reports are prepared for management information.
  Monitor and enforce on technicians’ attendance, speed of work, work quality and discipline.
  Look after and enhance the welfare of all technicians. Make recommendation to management on the subordinates’ annual increment,      salary adjustment.
  Any other tasks and assignments given by superior as part of training and development.

Decision Making Authority

  Approve expenses within authorized limits.
  Approve or recommend staff leave application.
  Approve staff overtime.
  Decision making on day-to-day operation.

Specific Responsibilities
A. Efficient Workshop and Part Management

  Prepare annual budget and monitor the expenses.
  Explain monthly budget variance when required.
  Ensure Key Performance Indicators for vehicle maintenance / repair activities are met.
  Develop efficient workflow and work method so that the Vehicle maintenance / repair activities can be completed within shortest time.
  Ensure good forward parts requirement planning to minimize VOR due to stock-out.
  Ensure effective utilization of tools and equipment.

B. Quality Maintenance

  Ensure all jobs are completed according to expected standard.
  Ensure minimum return jobs and rejection rates.
  Ensure good housekeeping in the workshop.

C. Excellent Customer Service

  Ensure excellent service is extended to customers who come to workshop for repair. Any feedback shall be taken seriously and resolved in the shortest possible time.
  Ensure any vehicle maintenance / repair activities sent to workshop for repair are attended immediately and are handed back in the shortest possible time.

D. Workplace Safety &amp; Health (WSH) &amp; Environmental Management System (EMS)

  To enforce compliance of relevant statutory      requirements and in-house rules and regulations.
  To enforce safety plans/programmes on personnel, environment, equipment and Processes within the department.
  To assess workplace safety and conduct Risk Assessment (RA).
  To raise WI for maintenance / repair activities.
  Provide proper supervision and ensure all safety procedures and practices are strictly adhered to by all technicians.
  Ensure good housekeeping is maintained at all times.

E. Others

  Ensure that activities relating to the function comply with Company’s policies and procedures as well as relevant Ethical Standards, Legal and Acts requirements.
  Resolve matters of conflict, general employee morale and maintaining good staffs and labour relation within or outside the department.
  Look after the welfare and development of staffs within department.
  Undertake any other duties as assigned.

Job Specification

  Educational Level : Degree in Automotive Engineering / Electrical Engineering from a recognized university
  Language : English and Mandarin
  Experience : At least 2 years in relevant industry
  Others : Able to understand circuit diagram, Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint,
