Home Affairs Services (ICA) Direct-Entry Inspector
LEADER IN BORDER SECURITY
As a HAS (ICA) Direct-Entry Inspector, you are responsible for the implementation and enforcement of the laws, regulations and policies of the various work of the Department; as well as the management and operation of the various branches/commands under the Department.

Leading a team of highly-skilled and well-trained ICA officers who are tasked with the duty of protecting Singapore's gateways, you play a critical role in ensuring the security of the nation. You have to possess leadership capability, be decisive, mentally agile, and display qualities of courage and integrity. You will be trained and developed to become a professional in border security, in-land enforcement and policy implementation.

Entry Requirements

  Physically fit
  Normal Colour Vision
  Possess qualities of leadership, initiative and versatility
  Singapore Citizen

Remuneration and Benefits

Remuneration

Good Hons Salary Range
$3,920 - $4,536*

Other Hons &amp; Pass Degree Range
$3,670 - $4,324*

*The starting monthly salary will vary according to assessment during interview, relevant work experience and completion of full-time National Service.

Benefits

  18 - 21 days vacation leave
  Medical &amp; dental subsidies
  Group Life insurance
  Sponsorship for postgraduate study
  Use of government holiday bungalows
  Subsidies for sports and recreation activities
  Performance and annual bonuses
  Marriage / Child benefits
  Birthday vouchers

Training

Newly appointed officers will undergo a 20-week non-residential ICA Basic Course (Inspector) at the Home Team Academy, which will equip officers with the knowledge and skills to perform their duties.

Training includes:

  Document examination &amp; forgery detection
  People, goods and vehicle screening
  Profiling techniques
  Law and legislation
  Firearms training
  Control and restraint techniques
  Attachment at Checkpoints, Enforcement Division and Services Centres
  Home Team Basic Course
  5-day Leadership Challenge Programme*

*Residential component

Direct-Entry Inspectors are required to serve a one-year bond upon completion of training.

Job Deployment

Foundational Posting

Upon graduation from the ICA Basic Course (Inspector), officers will be deployed to one of the Checkpoints eg. at Woodlands, Tuas, or Singapore Cruise Centre. Officers deployed at the checkpoints work on three shifts. They are also required to wear uniform while on duty.

Developmental Posting

As part of officers' career posting and exposure to ICA's line operations, officers with suitable aptitude may be deployed to perform enforcement-related work which includes the conducting of raids against illegal immigrants, participation in operations against smugglers, contraband detection and investigations. Officers may also be deployed to the Services Centres to assess applications for travel documents, permanent residence, citizenship, identity cards or other passes/permits. The posting deployment choices extend to development of officers in the areas of planning and review, operations management and policy administration. There are also opportunities for officers to go on overseas posting stints.