We are partnering with one of the well-established Banks in Singapore that provides the full range of services in consumer, SME and corporate banking activities across Asia and the Middle East. They are currently looking for a Business Analyst to join their Technology Team.

Responsibilities: -

  Principle duties are collecting functional requirements from stakeholders, and able to document and explain the requirements to IT team
  Facilitate requirements workshops to engage the various stakeholders such as Front Office, Middle Office, Finance users to elicit and validate business requirements.
  Lead and manage issues during UAT/Sprints, and ensure all requirements have proper traceability.
  Respond promptly to issues raised, through good understanding of business, operational and technical considerations, and recommend sound solutions.

Requirements: -

  Minimum 3 years of experience as a Business Analyst in Treasury (familiar with  product asset classes) or trading/risk systems
  With  excellent stakeholder management and communication skills.
  Experience  handling projects with many stakeholders and applications.
  Possess strong business &amp; technical subject matter knowledge.
  Experience in Agile delivery will be an advantage.
  Familiar with Jira and Confluence tools will be an advantage.

Interested candidates may send their resumes to peggy_koh@kellyservices.com.sg or apply through the application system.  Shortlisted candidates will be notified.

Kelly Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd I EA License No. 01C4394 • RCB No. 200007268E • EA Registration No. R1110345(Koh Boon Sien)

By submitting your curriculum vitae or personal data to us in connection with your job application, you hereby consent to Kelly Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd and its affiliates (including Capita Pte Ltd, P-Serv Pte Ltd, PERSOLKELLY Pte Ltd, BTI Executive Search Pte Ltd, PERSOLKELLY Consulting Pte Ltd) collecting, using and disclosing your personal data to prospective employers to collect, use and disclose these personal data for purposes of evaluating your suitability for employment ,conducting reference checks, administering employment related services and such other purposes stated in our privacy policy. You acknowledge that the full privacy policy is available at www.kellyservices.com.sg or at your request. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please drop us an email dataprotection@kellyservices.com.sg to let us know. All resumes and personal particulars sent to the aforementioned email address will Not be attended to as the address is not for job application purpose.