
    COMPANY DESCRIPTION

    As Singapore&rsquo;s leading supermarket retail player and a household name close to all, we have grown with you over the years. It is now your turn to grow an exciting new career and fulfil your aspirations with us. Join us as we embark on a journey to make lives better for our customers, community, environment and employees.
At NTUC FairPrice, we offer you more than just a job. We are committed in giving our employees a rewarding career through comprehensive development opportunities. We promise a wonderful workplace culture with ample opportunities for growth at different levels of your career. Every of our 10,000 employees across Singapore is important.
If the prospect of working in an organization at the forefront of retail technology and innovation excites you, look no further.
Grow your career with us today and make a difference.
.

    RESPONSIBILITIES

    FairPrice is currently hiring for a Business Operations Manager to join the O2O(Offline-to-Online) Grocery team under the Digital Business organization. The Digital Business organization is responsible for serving the needs of our customersseamlessly across channels and verticals with one Everything Food digital experience. As partof the O2O Grocery team, you will be working with a team of highly motivated professionalsacross various functions to identify and address customer pain points along their grocery shopping journey using innovative digital solutions.You will be an advocate for FairPrice omnichannel solutions (e.g. Scan &amp; Go), managing agroup of Team Leaders to ensure smooth day-to-day operations on the ground and engage walk-in customers at the stores to adopt our digital solutions.
Job Responsibilities: 
Business Operations Management

Work closely with O2O Program team to launch and operationalize omnichannelsolutions (initial focus on Scan &amp; Go) in stores
Manage a team of Team Leaders (TLs), Ambassadors and Attendants responsible for day-to-day operations of omnichannel solutions on the ground
Act as first point of contact for store staff (e.g. Branch Manager, Chief Cashiers, keyTeam Leaders) for omnichannel related queries and discussions
Support the team in basic troubleshooting of commonly encountered issues related tothe omnichannel solutions
Work closely with Retail Business to develop optimal staffing arrangements for Scan &amp; Go operations as part of overall store manpower to drive productivity and efficiency
Develop processes and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) to drive repeatability and consistency in O2O operations
Ensure alignment and compliance with processes and SOPs
Perform checks as required to ensure assortment, promotions and financial postings areexecuted accurately

Recruitment and Training

Work with HR business partners to recruit O2O TLs, Ambassadors and Attendants
Ensure timely replacement of staff as required to avoid disruption in operations
Provide on the job training to store staff, O2O TLs, Ambassadors ad Attendants
Work with O2O Program team to develop training materials

&ldquo;Voice of Customer&rdquo; Feedback

Actively engage customers to maintain a constant pulse and provide feedback to drivein-store and on-app enhancements to continuously improve customer experience
Regularly check in with store teams to obtain feedback and improve operationalprocesses and SOPs
Understand product roadmap and support user acceptance testing for new features

QUALIFICATIONS
    
3-5 years of relevant working experience in the retail industry
Direct experience in grocery retail is preferred
Customer-focused
Interest in omnichannel and digital retail solutions
Attention to detail
Strong communication skills


