Avensys is a reputed global IT professional services company headquartered in Singapore. Our service spectrum includes enterprise solution consulting, business intelligence, business process automation and managed services. Given our decade of success we have evolved to become one of the top trusted providers in Singapore and service a client base across banking and financial services, insurance, information technology, healthcare, retail and supply chain.
We are currently looking to hire Cloud Developer. This is an exciting opportunity to expand your skill set, achieve job satisfaction and work-life balance. More details as below.
JOB TYPE
1-year renewable contract
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

  Responsible for architecting and supporting engineering team based on industry standards, best practices and guidelines.
  Review the current architectural landscape and design automation scripts.
  Research new technologies and products for their applicability to business processes.

KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS

  Scripting knowledge using Python, Ansible.
  SNOW Automation, workflow configuration, automation scripting skills.
  Having good experience on Infra automation Ansible, Puppet, Docker, Kubernetes, AWS Services.
  Knowledge on CI CD platforms like Jenkins.

REQUIREMENTS

  Degree in computer science or related fields.
  Minimum of 5 years’ experience in cloud devops role and infra automation.

WHAT’S ON OFFER
You will be remunerated with an excellent base salary and entitled to attractive company benefits. Additionally, you will get the opportunity to enjoy a fun and collaborative work environment, alongside a strong career progression.
To submit your application, please apply online or email your UPDATED CV in Microsoft Word format to saridha@aven-sys.com AND keerthana@aven-sys.com. Your interest will be treated with strict confidentiality.
CONSULTANT DETAILS
Consultant Name: Saridha Sekar
Avensys Consulting Pte Ltd 
EA Licence 12C5759
Privacy Statement: Data collected will be used for recruitment purposes only. Personal data provided will be used strictly in accordance with the relevant data protection law and Avensys' privacy policy.