1.Traineeship Description:-&nbsp;
Candidate will work within a team of engineers supervised by a team manager to undertake projects relating to advisory for green buildings and energy efficiency. BSD is an equal opportunity company with offices and projects in the region. Candidate can expect to undertake projects of various types, complexity and in various countries. The green built environment industry is a promising industry and this position exposes candidates to a variety of specialisation within the built environment. There will also be ample opportunities for upgrading and participating in cutting-edge research and development.

2. Specific Responsibilities:-
Candidate to be involved in:
1. Understanding green building strategies, concepts, trends, energy standards/ green building certifications
2. Audit existing buildings for energy improvement opportunities
3. Perform engineering calculations related to energy efficiency design of buildings, ACMV, heat flow, etc.
4. Project management, attending project meetings, interactions with project members (architect, engineers, contractors, building managers, vendors, etc)
5. Work with colleagues to deliver successful project outcomes

3. Competencies:-
1. Gain detailed understanding of energy efficiency and green building design strategies and technologies.
2. Skills to identify energy improvement and environmental upgrades in existing buildings
3. Project management skills including project timelines, budget, communication etc.
4. How to engage project owners and stakeholders professionally
Communication and presentation skills to bring across value-engineering inputs.

4. Education Qualifications Required for the Traineeship Role:-
Degree&nbsp;

5. Eligibility Criteria for SGUnitedTraineeships:-
•Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident; and
a.Graduated or graduating in calendar year 2019 or 2020 from ITEs, polytechnics, universities, or other educational institutions (e.g. private universities and overseas institutions); or
b.Graduated earlier from above institutions and completed National Service in 2019 or 2020.