Introduction
Founded in 2012 and regionally HQ’d in Singapore, Kydon is on a mission to transform learning. We want to make it accessible and sustainable through the most advanced learning technology solutions and custom digital training content. We’ve grown to be a trusted partner in the learning technology space by corporate enterprises, educational institutions and government agencies.

A big part of what fuels this growth is our talented and passionate people. We’re mighty proud of our diverse team of talents who believe in making a difference in the world. We welcome you to be part of our dynamic tribe where you’ll be able to build your skills, take on meaningful work, get executive exposure, engage in out-of-the-box problem solving and most importantly, have fun! We’ll love to help you build your profile, blaze your own trail and propel your career in one of the world’s fastest growing industries. So come join us!

Traineeship Description
This position reports to the Product Manager and he/she will be working closely with an experienced team of personnel consisting of Technology, Project and UI/UX to build one of the world’s leading knowledge exchange platform.

Specific Responsibilities
Trainee to be involved in:
1. Managing the platform’s payment gateway policies to ensure relevancy and applicability to the users
2. Coordinating and supporting compliance activities across different projects
3. Identifying, reviewing and documenting the practices of other platforms and translate the information to the management and project teams.
4. Monitoring and assessing the compliance risk on a regular basis to ensure compliance to changes in regulatory requirements

Technical Skills
1. How to interpret the local and global regulations governing the platform’s payment gateway
2. Develop and implement policies, standards and procedures, to meet the compliance and regulatory requirements
3. Participate in the execution of procedures and measures to assure compliance with regulatory and legal requirements as well as good industry practices