
  Perform Quality Check for incoming, outgoing and in-process, Compile out-going inspection report (software: Excel). Have an eye for details.
  Perform incoming, in-process and outgoing QC activity which involves visual, dimensional and functional testing in accordance to pre-determined inspection plan &amp; procedure.
  Issue Reject Material Report and review with Engineering / Production when non-conformance found.
  Responsible for containment actions and control of non-conforming products arising from inspection activity or a reported quality incident.
  Assist in data collection and analysis work for continuous improvement activity
  Summarize and publish quality inspection &amp; activity report
  Co-ordinate and liaise with Production personnel to ensure that all inspection stages comply to inspection and test plans on material or structure.
  Witness and verify all tests include reinstatement etc. and prepare reports after such tests are conducted.
  Verify product identification through material verification inspection and periodical random checks on site.
  Responsible in executing directives as set forth for the Quality Assurance Department in meeting management objectives in term of quality control/assurance of all production fabrication works/projects.
  Implement and maintain a system of auditing the facility and periodic calibration of test, measuring equipment and tools include all documentation, procedure qualification records accordance to customer specification and code
  Manage and supervise a team of inspectors / technicians in meeting departmental quality goals and production schedule.
  Manage customer complaints, corrective and preventive action programs and Administer and manage continuous improvement program for all QA processes.
  Work closely with customers, production and suppliers to meet the quality requirements.
  Review / prepare, administer and implement Quality Assurance Plans, Inspection Test Plans and other Operational procedures in accordance to the technical specifications, customer's surveillance requirements, and good manufacturing / engineering practices, and enforce the same on Operations in their execution.
  Work closely among inter-department to ensure committed schedules are met in a timely and effectively  manner.
  Manage the implementation / schedule of calibration control.
  Any other tasks and responsibilities assigned from time to time.


  Minimum 3 years of QC / QA experience in precision engineering manufacturing environment.
  Able to interpret technical drawings and reading symbols.
  Ability to write CMM inspection programs (Mitutoyo CMM machine), smart-scope and QC measuring tools/equipment.
  Good interpersonal skills, ability to communicate and Works well with all levels of staff and technically competent.
  Ability to read, understand mechanical drawing and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerance and possess good analytical, verbal, written and interpersonal skills.
  Able to work independently with minimum supervision
  Rotating shift (Day Shift / Night Shift)
