Traineeship Description

Edusportsingapore Pte Ltd is the leading sports events company in Singapore. We have successfully organised over 300 sports events over the past 3 years. We deliver a wide range of quality indoor and outdoor sporting activities catering to clients from groups as little as 20 as well as larger group sizes of up to 1000 pax. In lieu of the COVID-19 situation, we are looking to expand into online teambuilding and E-sports activities.
Edusportsingapore is committed to cultivating an employee-orientated culture that emphasises critical thinking and lifelong learning. As the founders were both former MOE teachers, we pride ourselves in our company vision of developing the future generations. In the past, we hosted ITE College West for their Business Administration NITEC and Higher NITEC students for their internship. We hope to make use of the Traineeship to nurture young talent and to further develop our business.
The sales executive position reports directly to the Senior Sales Manager and Director. The Director has supervised numerous interns in the past. He will be skilled and professional as a mentor to the new trainees.

Specific Responsibilities

Trainee to be involved in:

  Assist Sales Manager in initiating and coordinating sales opportunities (Including administrative duties like online invoicing and quotations)
  Assist Sales Manager in identifying business opportunities to meet company growth objectives (E-Gaming and Online Teambuilding)
  Communication skills in presenting data and information to the managers
  Active participation in strategic planning process, assisting the manager for development of &nbsp;&nbsp;workplan to expand business into promising areas of E-sports and online teambuilding activities
  Staff training to meet job requirements (Both In-house coaching and external vendors) Commitment to continual learning- Responsibility to upgrade &nbsp;&nbsp;yourself to meet job requirements-Trainees have to be proactive in developing &nbsp;&nbsp;themselves to be adept in their roles

Competencies that the Trainees will learn during SGUnited Traineeship Programme


  Manage contractual issues at an operational level
  Prepare drafts of contracts, quotations, and invoices with relevant and accurate information.
  Assist Sales Manager in identifying business opportunities to meet company growth objectives (E-Gaming and Online Teambuilding)
  Convey and exchange thoughts, ideas, and information effectively through various mediums and approaches
  Active participation in strategic planning process, assist in development of workplan to expand business into promising area of E-sports and online teambuilding activities

Education Qualifications required for the Traineeship role


  Diploma

Eligibility Criteria for SGUnitedTraineeships:

•Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident; and

a.Graduated or graduating in calendar year 2019 or 2020 from ITEs, polytechnics, universities, or other educational institutions (e.g. private universities and overseas institutions); or

b.Graduated earlier from above institutions and completed National Service in 2019 or 2020.