Overview
As a WSH Officer (FSM), you will oversee and lead the safety team &amp; sub-contractors in the implementation of company's Safety &amp; Health, Fire Safety, Environmental and Facilities Management systems in the factory and sites. Liaise closely with operations staff, Production Manager, Project Managers, clients, main con and consultants etc. on all safety &amp; health, Fire Safety, Environmental and Facilities Management issues.

Responsibilities
A) Workplace Safety &amp; Health Officer
1) Oversee and lead the safety team &amp; sub-contractors in the implementation of company's WSH systems.
2) Implement and monitor appropriate safety measurements in accordance with the Workplace Safety &amp; Health Act.
3) Liaise closely with operations staff, Production Manager, Project Managers, clients, main contractors, consultants and authority etc. on all safety and health issues.
4) Be the leader in accident / incident reporting and investigations as well as hold toolbox meeting and all WSH matters execution.
5) Conduct WSH / Fire Safety meetings, audits, inspections and close up issues pertaining to safety matters etc.
6) Coordinate and maintain records of safety orientation and daily toolbox meetings.
7) Ensure safe work practices are adhered to by all parties in the daily site activities.
8) Conduct safety inspections to ensure compliance to prevailing MOM regulations.
9) Conduct regular inspections, risk assessments and follow-up action to maintain high safety standard and compliance to Company ISO policies.
10) Conduct monthly safety committee meeting and put up safety reports, including safety issues.
11) Conduct in-house WSH training for supervisors / workers / contractors.
12) Attend to all feedbacks on safety irregularities and inform the occupier accordingly.
13) Enforce all safety legislation and in-house safety rules and regulations.
14) Ensure supervisors and workers are following the safe work procedures compliance.
15) Liaise with relevant authority during visiting / complain or feedback.
16) Conduct Noise Monitoring and implement Noise Control measures as per WSH requirements in the factory.
17) Perform Internal Audit for ISO 45001.
18) Perform any other duties as assigned by the Management and the designated manager.

B) Fire Safety Manager
1) Ensure at all times that fire safety requirements contained in the Emergency Response Plan are complied with.
2) Supervise the maintenance of all fire safety works in the premises.
3) Conduct daily checks within the premises and remove or cause to be removed any fire hazard that is found within the premises.
4) Prepare and execute the Emergency Response Plan for the premises and distribute the Emergency Response Plan to the Occupants of the premises.
5) Conduct fire drills for the occupants of the premises at least twice in every calendar year or on such occasion as may be directed by the Commissioner.
6) Ensure all occupants are familiar with the means of escape located within the premises.
7) Train, coordinate and supervise the Company Emergency Response Team for the premises in first-aid, fire-fighting and evacuation.
8) Train the occupants in the premises in first-aid, fire-fighting and evacuation in the event of fire or other related emergencies.
9) Coordinate and supervise the occupants within the premises in fire-fighting and in evacuation in the event of fire or other related emergencies.
10) Perform any other duties as assigned by the Management and the designated manager.

C) Environmental Control Officer
1) Proper documentation of all EHS records, certificates, notice and official related EHS correspondence
2) Handling day to day environmental issues, including liaison with supervisors and briefing with all workers.
3) Overseeing the operation team in implementing environmental management and monitoring activities.
4) Conducting environmental fieldwork independently that may include collecting soil / groundwater / soil gas / air samples, conducting noise /air / illumination / biodiversity monitoring or similar activities.
5) Assisting with the design and implementation of environmental mitigation measures.
6) Critically reviewing, abstracting, and summarising regulatory and client requirements for all areas of environmental compliance.
7) Following corporate environmental, health and safety standards.
8) Preparation and delivery of environmental training (e.g. toolbox talks, briefings).
9) Attending and participating in client or authority meetings.
10) Evaluation of environmental datasets and preparation of technical reports based on the results of field sampling and environmental mitigation/management activities.
11) Conduct regular inspections to ensure ECM and environmental plan in place
12) Be the leader in accident / incident reporting and investigations as well as hold toolbox meeting and all Environmental matters execution
13) Liaising with relevant authorities like MOM, NEA, PUB, etc
14) Perform Internal Audit for ISO 45001.
15) Perform any other duties as assigned by the Management and the designated manager.

D) Facilities Management
1) Responsible and plan building maintenance including electrical and mechanical repair and replacements.
2) Lead and direct facilities team in the daily management of operational activities.
3) Responsible for developing an effective facilities organization whilst operating within budget.
4) Responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of buildings including ACMV system, electrical system, building amenities, fittings and fixtures, wall, ceiling and floor finishing of properties.
5) Responsible to supervise &amp; inspect works, fit-out &amp; reinstatement works, general electrical fitting work including troubleshooting of electrical equipment, electrical panel, cabling and termination.
6) Run and implement preventive maintenance programs for M&amp;E systems within the building and property.
7) Ensure compliance with company guidelines and local authorities’ requirements.
8) Ensure best practices are followed and maintain building security and emergency safety to ensure a safe and conducive environment for stakeholders.
9) Lead strategic planning and day-to-day operations, particularly in relation to buildings and premises by engaging vendor services and maintain their performance.
16) Ensure adherence and compliance to standards, policies &amp; regulations (URA, MOM, NEA, PUB and SCDF).
17) Perform any other duties as assigned by the Management and the designated manager.

Requirements
1) Must be a Singapore Registered Safety Officer / Workplace Safety &amp; Health Officer with MOM.
2) Must possess a Fire Safety Manager certification and registered with SCDF.
3) Must possess professional knowledge in Law and regulations (WSH Act and Environment).
4) Experience in manufacturing and construction industry will be an advantage.
5) Knowledge of ISO 9000, 14001 and 45001 will be an advantage.
6) Possess problem-solving, analyzing and reporting skills.
7) Ability to work on tight deadlines
8) Possess supervisory skills with manpower planning experiences.
9) Independent with high level of initiative and fast learner.
10) Possess good interpersonal skills and excellent team spirit.
11) Positive attitude in learning.
12) Noise Monitoring / Noise Control / Lifting / Confined Space / ISO Internal Auditor Certifications will be an advantage.
13) A good team player with good communication skills.
14) Physically Fit &amp; Healthy.
15) Hardworking and driven.
16) Able to write and speak in English and Mandarin as need to liaise with Chinese Client and workers.
17) Computer literate with MS Word, Excel, Power Point etc.