Business Function
Group Technology and Operations (T&amp;O) enables and empowers the bank with an efficient, nimble and resilient infrastructure through a strategic focus on productivity, quality &amp; control, technology, people capability and innovation. In Group T&amp;O, we manage the majority of the Bank's operational processes and inspire to delight our business partners through our multiple banking delivery channels.
Be part of an exciting change and operational team in an Enterprise Architecture Site Reliability Operations organisation that drives improvements in how the bank delivers its digital products and services. We are looking for applicants who want to pursue a career in Release Governance Specialist.
This job role is supported by the structured development programme for mid-career professionals under the TechSkills Accelerator (TeSA) initiative, led by Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA) in partnership with SkillsFuture Singapore (SSG) and Workforce Singapore (WSG).
For more information on the programme, please visit www.imtalent.sg/TeSAMidCareer.
The programme aims to provide Singaporeans aged 40 and above with a tech-related job while being reskilled or upskilled.&nbsp; Mid-career professionals will have the assurance of being employed in a paid job while attending structured on-the-job training for in-demand tech skills. They will also gain experience in a tech role to tap into the good careers that the infocomm sector offers.
Responsibilities

  Perform gatekeeping role to ensure all application changes have met the required criteria before actual deployment to the Production LIVE environment.
  Support 24 x 7 shift operations and be able work flexible hours and be on-call to respond appropriately to requests and ensure Service Level agreement are met.
  Perform basic problem solving and root-cause analysis on any errors encountered. Participate in post-resolution follow-ups to ensure problems have been adequately resolved.
  Communicate application problems and issues to key stakeholders.
  Initiate and support work on continuous improvement of the system e.g. job automation, performance tuning.

Requirements

  Preferably has qualification in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) or related discipline
  Ability to function independently within a multi-task environment
  Inquisitive and strong interest to troubleshoot and solve problem
  Excellent team player with good communication and interpersonal skills
  Ability to perform shift work
  Open to Singaporeans for this programme
  Mid-career professionals aged 40 and above

By submitting your application for this job role, you agree that DBS Bank Ltd. may collect, use and disclose your name and email address, which you have provided in the form, for the Infocomm Media Development Authority (TeSA Mid-Career Advance programme administrator) to send a follow-up email. Please note that information will be sent directly by the Infocomm Media Development Authority.