Introduction
Founded in 2012 and regionally HQ’d in Singapore, Kydon is on a mission to transform learning. We want to make it accessible and sustainable through the most advanced learning technology solutions and custom digital training content. We’ve grown to be a trusted partner in the learning technology space by corporate enterprises, educational institutions and government agencies.

A big part of what fuels this growth is our talented and passionate people. We’re mighty proud of our diverse team of talents who believe in making a difference in the world. We welcome you to be part of our dynamic tribe where you’ll be able to build your skills, take on meaningful work, get executive exposure, engage in out-of-the-box problem solving and most importantly, have fun! We’ll love to help you build your profile, blaze your own trail and propel your career in one of the world’s fastest growing industries. So come join us!

Traineeship Description
This position reports to the Communications Manager. We need someone who will help us communicate the latest news about ZilLearn across our social media channels eg Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, our blogs, etc. This person must also be able to actively monitor the growth of our social media channels and turn data into recommendations to optimize our overall GTM strategy.

Specific Responsibilities
Trainee to be involved in:
1. Proactively plan &amp; execute daily engaging content to grow social media presence
2. Copy writing, asset coordination, and postings to ZL social media channels
3. Coordinate social community interactions &amp; conversations on ZL social media channels &amp; community boards
4. Compile social community feedback to recommend content ideas and how to respond
5. Assist in identifying, routing, and escalating social community issues to the proper departments
6. Proactively engage users and influential targets to build and grow relationships

Technical Skills
1. The ideal candidate will be a rockstar in training. We value out-of-the-box thinking, creativity, hyper-attention to detail, and ability communicate effectively
2. Copywriting and content marketing
3. Producing and distributing social media content
4. Researching bloggers, influencers that would fit the brand
5. How to think critically about business objectives as related to editorial calendars and influencer opportunities
6. How to organize and maintain social media platforms and community engagement