About Green Koncepts
Green Koncepts is a pioneer in Cloud IoT, Energy Management and Big Data Analytics and has won many accolades in the industry for its work. By empowering customers with Real Time Energy Data, Intelligent Controls and Advanced Analytics, Green Koncepts solutions help optimize energy, drive efficiency and find problems before they surface.
As part of our regional expansion and the establishment of several strategic partnerships globally, we are expanding our Software Engineering team to meet the increasing demand from customers. We are looking for energetic candidates to join us to grow our business. You can look forward to an exciting, dynamic and challenging career in an innovative company in the emerging IoT industry. We offer an opportunity for aspiring professionals to work in a fast-paced technology environment, experimenting with the latest IoT technologies and creating data driven solutions that address real-world problems.

Job Description
As a full stack developer, you will be responsible for all aspects of the design and development of the of Green Koncepts products. This will include recommending the appropriate technology choices and articulating the benefits of your recommendation to the rest of the team. You should ideally have a passion for development, and at the same time exhibit a logical approach. You will be involved in developing products using state-of-the-art-technologies from the ground up.

Responsibilities:
 Design and develop high-volume, low-latency web and mobile applications for cloud platforms, delivering high-availability and performance.
 Effectively communicate conceptual ideas, design rationale and the specifics of user-centred design process
 Responsible for the translation of UI/UX design wireframes to actual code
 Follow best practices and standards for accessibility and cross browser compatibility
 Coordinate with other team members to establish consistent software design guidelines and standard methodologies
 Build reusable code and libraries for future use
 Stay up-to-date on emerging technologies and promote best practices
 An ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment
 Excellent analytical and multitasking skills
 Implement modern engineering practices to ensure product quality
 Constantly striving to deliver value to our customers

Requirements:
 Degree/Diploma in Electronics/Electrical/Computer Engineering/Information Technology
 At least 4 years of experience as a full stack developer
 Experience in building software solutions using Java
 Demonstrated experience with Spring and Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Spring Data, Spring Security
 Experience building RESTful web services using Java
 Extensive experience delivering a Microservices based architecture leveraging APIs, containers and automation
 Advanced SQL (MySQL) and NoSQL (MongoDB) knowledge and experience
 Expert in Angular framework using TypeScript
 Expert in HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap
 Experience in advanced JavaScript programming
 Deep understanding of responsive design implementation
 Experience with test-driven development
 Experience with Git and Agile development