Company Information
Magnequench is the preferred magnetic solutions provider in the bonded NdFeB magnet industry manufacturing and selling magnetic powder and polymer bonded magnets made from the powder throughout the Asia Pacific, Europe and North America. &nbsp;Our products are used to provide high performance magnetics for automotive, media storage, appliance industries and various other industries. &nbsp;The Magnequench research and development team in Singapore is looking for an Associate Scientist. The candidate will work in a multi-cultural environment with material scientists to develop new types of magnet products with improved performance. Please see our website www.mqitechnology.com for additional information.

Job Description &amp; Responsibilities:

  Synthesize magnetic materials from raw materials into powders according to the design formulations and characterize them according to the required specifications.
  Synthesize bonded magnets from magnetic powders and polymers according to the design formulations and characterize them according to the required specifications.
  Perform assigned experimental work in magnetic powders and bonded magnets for R&amp;D projects.
  Perform routine testing, product validation and failure analysis for customers and manufacturing plants.
  Record and document all experimental formulations, procedures and test results for preparing research reports, patent applications, customer supports, or other activities required by the company.
  Become competent in the use of material synthesizing and magnetic test equipment in Magnetics and Materials Laboratories.
  Order lab suppliers/consumables.
  Perform online literature search and patent search when needed.
  Stay current with new developments in magnetic materials and their processing techniques.
  Conduct preventative maintenance to ensure equipment in Materials and Magnetics Laboratories is functioning correctly.
  Maintain a clean, organized and safe workplace.
  Conduct other work as required in Materials and Magnetics Laboratories.

Qualifications and Education Requirement:

  MS (or higher) in Materials Science and Engineering, Physics or Chemistry, with 0-5 years of working experience in related fields.
  Good knowledge of Materials Science with emphasis in materials processing and characterization.
  Understanding of magnetic materials and polymers and their applications in bonded magnets.
  Ability to analyze and work through technical and/or scientific problems.
  Good documentation, presentation and communication skills.
  Highly motivated, team player.
