Introduction
Founded in 2012 and regionally HQ’d in Singapore, Kydon is on a mission to transform learning. We want to make it accessible and sustainable through the most advanced learning technology solutions and custom digital training content. We’ve grown to be a trusted partner in the learning technology space by corporate enterprises, educational institutions and government agencies.

A big part of what fuels this growth is our talented and passionate people. We’re mighty proud of our diverse team of talents who believe in making a difference in the world. We welcome you to be part of our dynamic tribe where you’ll be able to build your skills, take on meaningful work, get executive exposure, engage in out-of-the-box problem solving and most importantly, have fun! We’ll love to help you build your profile, blaze your own trail and propel your career in one of the world’s fastest growing industries. So come join us!

Traineeship Description
This position reports to the CMO. We need someone to support the planning and execution of our GTM Asian initiatives. This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on, multifaceted experience with both the communications and events side of marketing to optimize our overall GTM strategy; gain regional experience; and see how storytelling can translate across written and live mediums.

Specific Responsibilities
Trainee to be involved in:
1. End-to-end event program planning, project management, and operations from initial planning to post-event program follow up for a series of ZL regional marketing initiatives eg Z4Asia
2. Coordinate the development of relevant event communications and assets
3. Coordinate and promote initiative awareness &amp; drive engagement

Technical Skills
1. The ideal candidate will be a rockstar in training. We value out-of-the-box thinking, creativity, hyper-attention to detail, and ability communicate effectively
2. Communications and branding - learn how to develop messaging, support the creation of branded communications and social media campaigns to drive participation.
3. Copywriting – learn how to develop creative storytelling
4. Operations support - help prepare, organize, and manage all aspects related to the regional ZilLearn initiatives
5. Event production - assist with the logistics planning of virtual events
6. Collaboration – learn how to work across the various teams