
  Traineeship Description:

Our company deals with interior furnishings products and our   customers are creative individuals. We brand ourselves as a creative company   that offers aesthetical solutions to any interiors with our wide ranges of   products from around the world.
The Sales Associate/Brand Associate is responsible for   achieving sales instore/ outdoor, delivering service and operations   excellence. He/she also engages in innovation and productivity initiatives   for the store as well as outdoor sales. In order to drive seamless customer   experience across channels, he/she handles order fulfilment processes for customers   in store and outdoor.
 
  He/She operates in a fast-paced, diverse and customer-centric store   environment. As the first point-of-contact in store, he/she serves as the   ambassador of the organisation. 
 
  He/she is a highly motivated and service-oriented individual. He/She   communicates well and thrives in a team environment.


  Specific Responsibilities:

Trainee to be involved in:
1. Achieving Sales target set by company
2. Maintaining the integrity of company brand and direction
3. Engaging in building a good customer relationship with existing and new clientale base
4. Works hand in hand with Sales Manager and team to achieve the sales target in store and outdoor.
5. Handles fulfilment processes of sales obtained.


  Competencies:

1. Achieving Sales
2. Achieving Service Excellence to existing and new clients
3. Delivering Operation Excellence
4. Executing Customers Order Fulfilment
5. Engage in innovation and productivity initiatives


  Education Qualifications Required for the Traineeship Role

1. Degree


  Eligibility Criteria for SGUnitedTraineeships:

1. Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident
2 .Graduated or graduating in calendar year 2019 or 2020 universities, or other educational institutions (e.g. private universities and overseas institutions)
3. Graduated earlier from above institutions and completed National Service in 2019 or 2020.