Job Description
As a Warehouse Specialist in Fab10, you will be responsible for the integrity of both Inventory and Non-Inventory goods, as well as maintaining inventory stock and delivery of received shipments to internal customers. Additional responsibilities include performing inter-site shipments, cycle counts, inventory auditing, housekeeping, operating equipment in the warehouse, and following area procedures in a safe and efficient manner. You will also serve as an informational contact for both internal customers and Procurement buyers regarding Materials processes.
Responsibilities and Tasks

  Execute daily operation of all Warehouse functions in compliance with policies and procedures to support the company’s operation
  Perform loading and unloading operations.
  Perform auto stacker and pallet jack operations.
  Perform preventive maintenance and alarm clearing on Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV)
  Moves inventory by scheduling materials to be moved to and from warehouse; coordinating inventory transfers with related departments.
  Delivers supplies and equipment to departments by receiving and transferring items.
  Maintains storage area by organizing floor space; adhering to storage design principles; recommending improvements.
  Maintains inventory by conducting monthly physical counts; reconciling variances; inputting data.
  Maintain knowledge of processes and constantly seek improvement of procedures
  Support internal development of Warehouse processes that promote safe, cost effective and efficient performance
  Perform weekly cycle count and initiate actions to ensure stock count accuracy
  All team members are required to complete their learning items within the stipulated time frame
  Ensure Safety protocols are adhered at all times.

Requirement

  Demonstrate good teamwork skills and being self-motivated.
  Good PC Skills, including MS Office Word and Powerpoint
  Excellent Verbal and Communication Skill
  Relevant experience or knowledge in SMART warehouse preferred.
  Permanent 12hour shift work. Willing to work night shift.

About Micron
As the leader in innovative memory solutions, Micron is helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands — Micron, Crucial and Ballistix — we offer the industry’s broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing today’s major memory and storage technologies: DRAM, NAND, NOR and 3D XPoint™ memory. Our solutions are purpose built to demonstrate the value of data to unlock financial insights, accelerate scientific breakthroughs and enhance communication around the world.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.