About Corporate Bank Technology

Corporate Banking is a technology centric business, with an increasing move to real-time processing, an increasing appetite from customers for integrated systems and access to supporting data. This means that technology is more important than ever for the business.
Deutsche Bank is one of the few banks with the scale and network to compete aggressively in this space, and the breadth of investment in this area is unmatched by our peers. Joining the team is a unique opportunity to help rebuild the core of some of our most mission critical processing systems from the ground-up.

Our Corporate Bank Technology team is a global team of 3000 coders (and growing!) across 30 countries. The primary businesses that Corporate Bank support are Cash Management, Securities Services, Trade Finance and Trust &amp; Agency Services.  CB Technology support these businesses through CIO aligned teams and also by 'horizontals' such as Client Connectivity, Surveillance and Regulatory, Infrastructure, Architecture, Production, and Risk &amp; Control.

About Our Engineers
Our Engineers work on a diverse range of solutions using cutting-edge technology every day, including our award-winning platforms like Autobahn, Fabric, Glue, and more.
Our Technology strategy is designed to build new revenue streams and develop innovative ideas which produce a new competitive advantage for the Bank, whilst also fixing our foundations and focusing on the importance of stability and risk management. Corporate Bank Technology understands the client’s needs and has a robust strategy and innovative approach to deliver.

About the Team
Payment and Cheques: Payments and Cheques Technology drives all aspects of technology supporting the heart of the Cash Management business – from paper cheques to 24x7 Instant Payments - across the globe. This technology-driven business demands high-end transformative delivery that keeps DB at the forefront of this dynamic market space, with innovative solutions to client challenges and a relentless focus on scalability and resiliency.

Your Role
What You’ll Do
As part of our global team you will work on various components as a Software Engineer. Your role includes specification, development, as well as the testing and rollout of new features. You are expected to contribute to the vision, understand our product roadmap, integrate business value with experience and contribute to building an engineering culture within the team. We expect the successful candidate to deliver high quality software and to be passionate about software engineering. You must have a proficient understanding of software development concepts. A good understanding of Cloud concepts is a plus. You will also be responsible to develop easy to support software and liaise with our SRE (Site Reliability Engineering) team to factor in their requirements.

We are looking for a Payments Engineer, who can translate user stories into actual code covering all functional and non-functional aspects. Our Payments Engineer fully understands our domain architecture and is pro-actively contributing to the continuous improvements from a technology and agile / dev ops delivery perspective. Our Payments Engineer also understands how our IT Services are measured based on strategic and operational KPIs and is contributing to improve them.

Tasks Payments Engineer

  Design and develop new functionality
  Work with the team on functional and non-functional      requirements, technical analysis and design
  Coding and testing, reviewing other team member’s changes
  Document business and functional requirements in User      Stories, design decisions and API
  Co-working with QA team on test automation of new and      existing functionality
  Contribute to the definition of the future state of the payments system architecture
  When product and architecture experience gained, mentor and direct more junior engineers

Skills You’ll Need

  Good hands-on knowledge of core Java/Kotlin
  Good knowledge of math and algorithms/complexity
  Knowledge in Gherkin/Cucumber
  Good knowledge in software design patterns
  Good knowledge in BDD (Behaviour Driven Development) and TDD (Test Driven Development)
  Knowledge of Monitoring e.g.      AppDynamics/Dynatrace/Promotheus/Graffanna
  Experience in agile &amp; dev ops software engineering
  Experience designing and implementing high availability      solutions
  Experience designing and implementing MicroServices
  Good knowledge in container runtime environments – Docker, Kubernetis, Open Shift
  Basic knowledge of SQL and Linux
  Hands-on knowledge of Spring, Swagger/OpenAPI, Maven is a big plus
  Experience with modern SDLC tools - Git, JIRA, Artifactory, Jenkins/TeamCity
  Ideally payments knowledge

Success Factors for Engineers in CB Tech

  Someone who sets the standard for excellence in their role as an engineer
  Talented individuals who are creative, innovative, and      passionate about doing exciting and important work
  People who make wise decisions, despite ambiguity, be it people, technical, business, other
  People who treat others with respect at all times, independent of their status
  An engineer who considers quality as a priority, and think about the client whilst developing for our future
  High-value persons who have a desire make an impact
  Individuals who have a desire of self-improvement through experience, observation, introspection, reading and discussion
  Individuals who accomplish amazing amounts of important      work
  Someone who seeks to understand our strategy, our business, the market and our clients
  A person who challenges assumptions when warranted and      makes suggestions for better approaches
