Introduction
Founded in 2012 and regionally HQ’d in Singapore, Kydon is on a mission to transform learning. We want to make it accessible and sustainable through the most advanced learning technology solutions and custom digital training content. We’ve grown to be a trusted partner in the learning technology space by corporate enterprises, educational institutions and government agencies.

A big part of what fuels this growth is our talented and passionate people. We’re mighty proud of our diverse team of talents who believe in making a difference in the world. We welcome you to be part of our dynamic tribe where you’ll be able to build your skills, take on meaningful work, get executive exposure, engage in out-of-the-box problem solving and most importantly, have fun! We’ll love to help you build your profile, blaze your own trail and propel your career in one of the world’s fastest growing industries. So come join us!

Traineeship Description
This position reports to the Chief Marketing Officer and the Head of Customer Success. As part of the growth and marketing team, Customer Success provides support to enterprise customers, creates essential user education content, and analyses user behaviour for product and user experience improvements.

Specific Responsibilities
Trainee to be involved in:
1. Research and drafting of online and downloadable content, such as articles, videos, e-courses, webinars, and PDFs, for user education
2. Provide support to enterprise customers in educating them on the product’s capabilities and helping to bring customers’ learning content onto our platform
3. Maintain the knowledge base to help users better utilise the product; adding articles to explain new or changed features, and pre-empting commonly asked questions

Technical Skills
1. Strategic and tactical marketing planning
2. Copywriting, video production, and content marketing
3. User behaviour data analysis using tools such as Google Analytics and Mixpanel
4. Adult learning theory essential to developing workforce online learning and user education content