
  Traineeship Description:


Our company deals with interior furnishings products and our customers are creative individuals. We brand ourselves as a creative company that offers aesthetical solutions to any interiors with our wide ranges of products from around the world.
The Graphic Designer support the creative element of the company core development. He/ She will be involved in creative content development and production that supports the offline, online and social marketing plans. In addition, he/she assists in evaluating the effectiveness of marketing communication plans and any adjustments that are needed to these plans.
He/She will be involved and executes in the development of any graphic works in projects by the company.
 
He/She works in a fluid and collaborative environment. He/She supports the basic intent of increasing brand awareness, generating leads, converting sales as well as fostering customer loyalty.
 
He/She is creative, resourceful, able to work under pressure within tight deadlines and possesses good interpersonal and communication skills.


  Specific Responsibilities:

Trainee to be involved in:
1. The content development and production of online and offline marketing contents/campaigns for company
2. Maintaining the integrity of company brand and direction
3. Development and execution of contents for projects involved by company
Works hand in hand with Marketing Director and team to direct the right branding direction of company


  Competencies:

1. Research and evaluate existing information that informs new concept development as well as analyse concepts in terms of their suitability for the target audience or purpose, their feasibility and their commercial potential
2. Integrate ideas generated and create specifications to relevant parties for approval, funding or endorsement
Content development and production of online and offline marketing contents/ campaigns for company


  Education Qualifications Required for the Traineeship Role

1. Degree holder


  Eligibility Criteria for SGUnitedTraineeships:

1. Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident; 
2. Graduated or graduating in calendar year 2019 or 2020 universities, or other educational institutions (e.g. private universities and overseas institutions)
3. Graduated earlier from above institutions and completed National Service in 2019 or 2020.
