JOB SUMMARY
To assist Finance Manager in the financial matters of the Company by undertaking a portfolio of accounting responsibilities as assigned by the Finance Manager.

DUTIES &amp; RESPONSIBILITES
1. To check and ensure AP invoices are properly record in SAP and Concur system.
2. Supervisory role and proper guidance to accounts assistance.
3. To perform monthly FI closing process using SAP system.
4. Vendor registration maintenance under SAP and Concur system.
5. Monthly ageing report review for AR debtors.
6. To liaise with Tax agent for company Corporate Income Tax computation.
7. Review and submit withholding tax to IRAS.
8. Review and submit GST to IRAS every quarterly.
9. To assist Finance Manager on half-yearly budget preparation.
10. To assist Finance Manager on annual physical stock count.
11. To assist Finance Manager on interim and year-end audit matters.
12. Other ad-hoc task assigned by Finance Manager.
13. Quality Management System responsibilities:
a. Support in implementation and participate in the continuous improvement effort in the areas of Safety, Quality, Environment and Health Management System
b. To have a legal obligation to act in a responsible manner for the safety of themselves and other persons who may be affected by their actions or omissions at work.
c. Assist management in ensuring that Major Accident Hazards are reduced to As Low As Reasonably Practicable (ALARP) and escalated when necessary.

REQUIREMENTS
 Diploma or Degree in Accountancy or its equivalent is necessary.
 Minimum 3-5 years working experience in accounting field is required.
 Candidate with working experience in manufacturing firm is preferable.
 Knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Word, and PowerPoint is compulsory.
 Candidate with working experience in SAP accounting system is required.
 Able to communicate effectively in English.
 High responsibility, team player with good initiative and interpersonal skills.
 Able to start work immediately.

Please include the followings in the resume:
 Reason for leaving
 Last drawn salary
 Expected salary
 Availability

*We regret to inform that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.