Introduction
Founded in 2012 and regionally HQ’d in Singapore, Kydon is on a mission to transform learning. We want to make it accessible and sustainable through the most advanced learning technology solutions and custom digital training content. We’ve grown to be a trusted partner in the learning technology space by corporate enterprises, educational institutions and government agencies.

A big part of what fuels this growth is our talented and passionate people. We’re mighty proud of our diverse team of talents who believe in making a difference in the world. We welcome you to be part of our dynamic tribe where you’ll be able to build your skills, take on meaningful work, get executive exposure, engage in out-of-the-box problem solving and most importantly, have fun! We’ll love to help you build your profile, blaze your own trail and propel your career in one of the world’s fastest growing industries. So come join us!

Traineeship Description
This position reports to the Head of Content and User Growth and interfaces with the respective Head of Departments (HODs). Kydon is committed to an employee-orientated, high performance culture that emphasises empowerment, quality, continuous improvement, and an inclusive culture.

Specific Responsibilities
Trainee to be involved in:
1. A broad range of digital marketing activities, in particular, social media advertising and content marketing
2. Assisting to execute ZilLearn’s content strategies including extensive copywriting work, working with multiple freelancers/talents to design and launch compelling online courses for public consumption
3. Helping to monitor key campaigns, tests and outcomes (including data analytics and metrics reporting)

Technical Skills
1. How to create, grow and manage Social Media Marketing campaigns
2. How to execute content marketing strategies and write effective copy that drive website traffic, leads and long-term user growth
3. Gain experience coordinating a team of freelancers and talents
4. Learn growth hacking approaches and strategies to scale consumer products