
    COMPANY DESCRIPTION

    Who We Are &amp; What We Believe in: 
The Lo &amp; Behold Group is a hospitality company that creates, owns and operates a series of timeless, thought-provoking concepts, each with a unique story and a distinct perspective on the cultural-culinary landscape.
While each has a personality of its own, the properties are united by a carefully considered sense of place, purpose, pioneering design and above all, a commitment to creating awesome experiences for all who walk through our doors &ndash; employees, partners and customers alike.
We are immensely proud to be serving an industry that allows us to be a visceral part of the human experience. We strive to create experiential destinations and craft awesome experiences for our employees, partners and customers, creating memories that exist beyond our spaces.
We want to be the best in our field at creating meaningful experiences in Asia that would stand the test of time.
Our multi-award-winning properties currently include Loof, The White Rabbit and The Rabbit Hole, OverEasy, Tanjong Beach Club, Extra Virgin Pizza, The Black Swan and The Powder Room, Odette, Le Bon Funk, Straits Clan, Esora, and The Warehouse Hotel and Po. This does not stop here as we continue to have an exciting pipeline of projects for the years ahead.
Odette is award-winning Chef-Owner Julien Royer&rsquo;s first restaurant, located at the iconic National Gallery Singapore. Working with the world&rsquo;s best boutique producers, Odette serves Modern French cuisine that is guided by Royer&rsquo;s lifelong respect for seasonality, terroir and artisanal produce. Odette is named in tribute to Royer&rsquo;s grandmother who taught him how some of the most remarkable dishes can come from the purest ingredients, and believed in ensuring that the fundamental pleasures of enjoying a meal are delivered in the most thoughtful, welcoming and hospitable manner. This ethos has directed every aspect of the Odette experience, harking to a new age in fine dining. In 2020, it ranked at No. 1 on Asia&rsquo;s 50 Best Restaurants and No. 18 on the World&rsquo;s 50 Best Restaurants shortlist.

    RESPONSIBILITIES

    The Job and YOU:
Pastry Commis
We are now seeking a dynamic &amp; creative individual to join our exceptional team in the role of Pastry Commis.
In the role of Pastry Commis, you will be responsible for setting up and stocking up stations with all necessary supplies, preparing for service, ensuring the station is kept at the highest hygiene and food safety standards, ensuring items are ordered, received, and stored in proper condition, ensuring proper usage of food with minimal food waste, and all other tasks as delegated by the chefs.
 
 
 
QUALIFICATIONS
    Ideally, you will have a minimum of 1 year of experience in Pastry. You would possess an excellent attention to detail, in-depth knowledge of basic pastry ingredients and techniques, a desire to learn and grow, and an immense passion for creating remarkable flavours.
 

