Position Summary:
The production planning and scheduling process is designed to ensure that adequate resources are available or planned for prior to exploring the gross requirements through MRP to create the Material Plan and Detailed Capacity Plan in order to comply with required Service Levels. The Production Planner and Scheduler controls the anticipated build schedule using the tools of the MRP Capacity Planning, Planning Bills of Material and Firm Planned Orders to validate plans and communicate the master schedule. The Production Planner and Scheduler must possess detailed knowledge of all the materials and processes that contribute to the manufacture, distribution and sales of the products that they will be scheduling. The Production Planner and Scheduler must also be capable of developing a working line of communication with people from all areas and all levels of the organization that have an effect on or are affected by the master schedule.
Key Responsibilities:

  Develops and maintains the master production schedule by combining the sales forecast, MRP messages, new product launches, backlog, capacity availability and lead time.
  Develops a working knowledge of the company’s products and process to ensure optimal master schedule stability and load leveling.
  Compile, analyze, and develop the Production Schedule for the Plant. Match schedule to meet demand, achieve goals for inventory levels and customer service.
  Anticipate supply problems and implement resolution working jointly with the plants.
  Chairs the weekly master scheduling meeting for the purpose of identifying, negotiating and resolving conflicts with respect to material and capacity availability and order promising with operations, production, customer services and supply chain.
  Provide alternatives and scenarios with clear assumptions and costs in case demand is higher than supply and prioritize production in line with customer services priorities agreed with the demand.
  Seeks ways to reduce internal lead times as well as lead times to customers through performance improvement projects working directly with the plant and with the customer service and supply chain.
  Works with production to identify critical “bottleneck” operations or resources and determine the capacities for each resource.
  Acts as single point of contact to determine future work plan based upon demand forecast, order trends and abnormal demands
  Interacts with shop floor management daily to resolve issues regarding manufacturing efficiencies or additional information as requested from Manufacturing,
  Responsible for inventory control, including managing total inventory value, turnover rates, inventory days etc.
  Assess risks and gaps within the schedule and communicate appropriately the risks within the organization.
  Creates and maintains the critical resource file and load profiles for each resource in the rough-cut capacity planning system of ERP.
  Summarizes daily and weekly master schedules for released and firm planned orders and compares these to the production plan to insure consistency.
  Perform inventory tracking, reporting, troubleshooting, and correcting to impact plant Finished Product, WIP, Ingredient, and Packaging inventory accuracy. Strive for 100% physical and system match.
  Assuring that no master scheduled item will have a released or firm planned order date less than the current date.
  Review stock list on slow moving, expirer, and phase-out material.
  With direction from finance is responsible for the inventory levels for each product line under their control.
  Authorizes all safety stocks and option over planned items and determines the quantity for each.
  Maintains scheduling parameters such as, manufacturing calendar, lot sizes, safety stocks, delivery times, and order file data for all master scheduled items.
  Driving Continuous Improvement Projects
  Other duties as assigned

Skills/Qualifications:

  Bachelor degree above, with a preferred focus in Supply Chain/ Planning/Chemical/Inventory Management
  3+ years of experience with both products and processes that will be scheduled in forecast chemical plant planning, materials management,
  Experience with ERP systems including a strong knowledge of MRP, as a key user to maintain the Planning function.&nbsp; JDE Enterprise One experience a plus
  Must be self-motivated with the ability to perform multiple tasks with minimal supervision
  Must possess strong analytical skills and the ability to use judgement to analyze facts, incorporate risk/uncertainty analysis, and report findings, recommend and implement sustainable corrective actions written and orally
  tables, lookups, data extraction).
  Ability to understand facilities, production lines and flow of materials and communicate to the organization bottlenecks and options to increase output and customer satisfaction.
