What we are looking for?

If you’d like to join a group that’s focused on exploring augmented reality, human-centered design and the future of computing then you are the right place.
We’re looking for an Innovation Strategist with a strong passion in technology and innovation and can drive the definition of new products and solutions. Strategists serve on cross-disciplinary teams that drive experience-based thinking into Dell’s innovation pipeline and into the broader business.

We are on the front line of defining how we will interact with technology in the future, we love to experiment, create, and solve real problems. An entrepreneurial mindset and deep experience in customer research, business strategy and implementation of new ideas is required. We are looking for someone smart, creative, and passionate about innovation that can make a difference in a fast-paced environment and can influence peers advocating on behalf of our customers. The candidate should be comfortable in dealing with ambiguity, have strong business acumen as well as great relationship building skills.

You’ll have a blend of both strategic and creative skills, comfortable running a design thinking process or making the case for why we should invest in a new idea. Some key elements of the role include to:

  Identify new opportunities by analyzing customer pain points and unmet needs, market trends and competitive gaps. Champion and present opportunities to leadership for consideration.
  Identify and define new growth strategies and business opportunities related to emerging industry and technology trends
  Present concepts, business rationale and key findings to various stakeholders including senior management to move from ideate/incubation phase to productization.
  Talk with potential customers on an ongoing basis to clearly understand their needs and pain points.
  Design and conduct research and market analysis to build a deeper understanding of customers.
  Collaborate with design, research and engineering team to rapidly conceptualize, prototype, and market validate new product ideas and innovations.
  Drive product development by understanding and passionately advocating customer requirements, defining feature sets, and developing and communicating product requirements.
  Evangelize the product concept vision throughout Dell.
