Introduction
Founded in 2012 and regionally HQ’d in Singapore, Kydon is on a mission to transform learning. We want to make it accessible and sustainable through the most advanced learning technology solutions and custom digital training content. We’ve grown to be a trusted partner in the learning technology space by corporate enterprises, educational institutions and government agencies.

A big part of what fuels this growth is our talented and passionate people. We’re mighty proud of our diverse team of talents who believe in making a difference in the world. We welcome you to be part of our dynamic tribe where you’ll be able to build your skills, take on meaningful work, get executive exposure, engage in out-of-the-box problem solving and most importantly, have fun! We’ll love to help you build your profile, blaze your own trail and propel your career in one of the world’s fastest growing industries. So come join us!

Traineeship Description
This position reports to the Assistant Finance Manager/Finance Manager and interfaces across functions as required to support the accounting process. Kydon is committed to an employee-orientated, high performance culture that emphasises empowerment, quality, continuous improvement, and an inclusive culture.

Specific Responsibilities
Trainee to be involved in:
1. Preparing a full set of accounts for month-end closing, including general ledger, accounts payable, accounts receivable, fixed assets register, bank reconciliations and key notes to the accounts
2. Preparing Goods and Services Tax (GST) reports for quarterly submission
3. Updating daily bank account balances
4. Preparing disbursements to suppliers and employee claims in accordance with approved policies and processes
5. Preparing invoices to customers
6. Monitoring accounts receivable ageing and following up on collection as necessary
7. Maintaining fixed assets register
8. Any other duties as assigned by immediate supervisor

Technical Skills
1. Active participation in the budgeting and forecasting process, including running analytics on actual financial results
2. How to prepare GST reports and customise financial reports to cater to different audiences
3. Engagement with external service providers in the areas of banking, audit, tax and corporate secretarial services
4. How to effectively and professionally business partner employees and stakeholders
5. Gain experience with the use of cloud-based accounting system (Quick Books Online) and e-banking portals, exposure to contract maintenance, procurement, employee claims, invoicing, collection and payment processes
6. How to conduct research, tabulate outcomes and propose recommendations
7. Documentation of finance processes and policies