Position Summary:
The Regional Environmental, Health and Safety Specialist is responsible for managing Dymax’s health and safety management programs regionally (Asia), and assisting with product regulatory compliance and chemical registrations globally.&nbsp; Responsibilities include assisting in the implementation of corporate health and safety systems and programs in the Asian region, along with implementation of corporate product regulatory standards, procedures, systems and processes, ensuring compliance and business support in the Asian region. The incumbent will also be responsible for overseeing and maintaining facility safety compliance with local government regulations and laws.&nbsp; As part of the product regulatory team, the incumbent will manage new chemical and product regulatory matters through planning, scheduling, and coordination of regulatory submissions to all of the countries that Dymax sells into. The incumbent will have in-depth knowledge of the chemical industry and regulations, and will remain current with pertinent laws, regulations, guidelines and policy to anticipate changes which may impact Dymax and recommend appropriate action to protect company markets and interests. The individual will coordinate activities, budgets, define timing and prepare submissions related to the management of chemical issues, chemical inventory listings and registrations.
Responsibilities:

  Serve as regional (Asian) workplace health and safety officer for Dymax facilities and employees. The individual will oversee workplace safety practices and ensure compliance with regional laws and regulations. Duties will include, but not limited to:
  Assessing levels of hazardous substances/chemicals to reduce chemical exposures,
  Manage regional incident reporting system and medical surveillance,
  Assessing and recommending personal protection equipment,
  Managing and overseeing warehouse and production safety and handling procedures,
  Tracking and maintaining first aid kits, spill/containment kits, hazmat equipment,
  Conduct H&amp;S monitoring and sampling of multi-media samples,
  Plan and conduct safety and health and safety training and promoting safety practices.
  Supervise employee activities and inspect company to ensure align with Global EHS policy and compliance with local regulations and standards.
  Coordinate and work with process owners on Fire, EHS and related permits, licenses and certificates application and maintenance.
  Develop, train and maintain regional emergency response team (ERT) and any readiness, preparedness and awareness program.
  Coordinate and support ISO 14001, 18001, 45001 certifications and Customer CSR program as determined by regional needs.
  Manage the waste management program, this will include overseeing the hazardous and non-hazardous waste profiling, storage and disposal activities per laws and regulations and record keeping.
  Handle accident reports including directing investigating, records filling and identify strategies.
  Define and develop regulatory filing strategies of assigned projects regarding approved products. This includes coordinating activities and defining content and timing of submission and approval in order to have global regulatory agreement, as required, before implementation.
  Provide regulatory assessments for proposed business and manufacturing changes related to approved products in compliance with guidelines and regulations of those countries that Dymax sells into.
  Provide regulatory leadership during manufacturing health &amp; safety site inspections.
  Utilize company approved tools and systems to manage regulatory issues, including enterprise system and regulatory/SDS authoring and label creation software.
  Serve as a member of interdepartmental working groups providing regulatory expertise for assigned projects or segments of projects related to approved products.
  Maintain an awareness of regulatory issues and current possible developments in assigned geographic and technical areas.
  Assist in the development and implementation of regulatory strategies necessary to: (1) optimize the position of Dymax products in the market by regulatory means; (2) implement manufacturing strategies; and, (3) maintain the products throughout the lifecycle in line with company direction and agreed priorities including routine regulatory activities and taking into account the possible future evolution of the regulatory environment.
  Serve as regional point of contact as product regulatory and compliance strategies are developed and implemented in order to achieve business and manufacturing strategies while accounting for regulatory threats, opportunities, constraints, and future changes.
  Ensure product regulatory compliance of licensed Dymax products throughout their lifecycle, ensuring proper regulatory management of changes, deviations, exemptions, notifications, etc. in close collaboration with Operations, Quality Assurance, R&amp;D, Business Operations, and others.
  Ensure regulatory compliance of labels by establishing and maintaining the regulatory files for labels and preparing labels and submissions based on applicable regulations in cooperation with Business Operations, Supply, and others as appropriate.
  Manage product regulatory and compliance submissions and all necessary follow up.
  Maintain tools (records, schedules, reports, database, etc.) for timely management of regulatory activities.

Skills/Qualifications:

  Requires a Bachelor of Science degree in related fields of study to the position
  10 years of industry or manufacturing related experience
  Sound knowledge of the regulatory requirements and legal framework for products and of industry trends.
