Responsibilities and Tasks
You will typically work with team of Data Scientist and Data Engineers, making an important contribution to the design, analysis, and implementation of business improvement ideas, developing Data science solutions and working closely with key stakeholders to ensure positive impact and sustainable results. In this role you will have following responsibilities

  Lead team of Data Engineer &amp; Data Scientist to deliver projects that require the coordination, support, and management of resources from global teams
  Identify and implement I4.0 use cases across strategic and operational procurement processes
  Work closely with category leads to define, prioritize and implement I4.0 use cases – identify opportunities and deliver financial impact in collaboration with category leads
  Work closely with data scientists and data engineers to develop AI/machine learning &amp; automation solutions to support I4.0 procurement &amp; Material efficiency improvement roadmap
  Implement best in class external procurement solutions working closely together with startups and established technology providers
  Provide expertise on data driven spend optimization
  Ability to think critically and break down complex data/processes to identify key levers and applicable solutions

Qualifications

  Advanced graduate degree and excellent academic record required (e.g., Master, MBA, PhD, etc.)
  Previous professional experience in strategic procurement and/or supply management (preferred)
  Exceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills with the ability to translate analysis into recommendations
  Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
  Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively, both verbally and in writing
  Strong people skills and an ability to work effectively with others at all levels in an organization

Who You'll Work With

You’ll be working with Smart Manufacturing and Artificial Intelligence organization. The team defines, drives and delivers end to end smart manufacturing solutions, integrated across business functions from Engineering and Procurement to Manufacturing, Marketing and Sales. The team will design and apply industry-leading methodologies in automation, AI and machine learning to enhance Micron’s technology development and business processes across the company.
About Micron
As the leader in innovative memory solutions, Micron is helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands — Micron, Crucial and Ballistix — we offer the industry’s broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing today’s major memory and storage technologies: DRAM, NAND, NOR and 3D XPoint™ memory. Our solutions are purpose built to demonstrate the value of data to unlock financial insights, accelerate scientific breakthroughs and enhance communication around the world.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.