** The advertisement for this role is already closed
The post
UWCSEA has a vacancy for August 2020 at its East Campus for a Teacher of High School Science. &nbsp;The appointee will teach IGCSE Coordinated Science.

The Science Department is composed of enthusiastic and dynamic teachers who work in a very well-resourced environment for learning. Teaching takes place in dedicated science classrooms that are part of a large, vibrant science faculty at UWCSEA.

Due to the nature of this appointment, it is open only to those who already hold residential status in Singapore or will hold residential status from August 2020 onwards.

The Context
UWCSEA welcomes applications from all qualified candidates. We are committed to safeguarding our students and protecting them from harm. In keeping with the expectation that all staff and volunteers share this commitment, those applying for a position at the College must be willing to undergo employment background checks and screening appropriate to the post. If you have a strong sense of adventure and an exceptional level of commitment to teaching and learning, UWCSEA might be the perfect next step for you. Here are some reasons why:

  You can be part of the College at an exciting time in its development. The implementation of our bespoke College-wide curriculum, the integration of technology into teaching and learning, and a significant focus on educating for ethical dispositions are just some of the exciting initiatives our staff are currently involved in.
  As a non-profit organisation, we invest a percentage of income into scholarships for approximately 100 students each year. These scholars come from a wide variety of cultural and socio-economic backgrounds. You can teach and learn from these exceptional students.
  Our academic results are outstanding, but our focus on holistic education means teachers are involved in all aspects of the programme. At UWCSEA you can take students trekking in the Himalayas or kayaking in Thailand, building houses in Cambodia or skiing in Switzerland. Equally, you can support them in making real connections with the local community, working with children with multiple disabilities or teaching life skills to domestic workers who have been victims of violence. All our students and teachers, from Kindergarten 1 to Grade 12 are involved in our activities, outdoor education and service programmes.
  We provide a professional learning programme that brings international experts to the school and supports teachers in their professional learning journey.


Main responsibilities

  Teachers should be willing to contribute positively to the collaborative culture of the Science and broader High School teams.
  Teachers should construct learning experiences that challenge students, support the diversity of learners in each classroom and demonstrate a strong commitment to concept-based teaching and learning.
  Teachers should ensure assessments support ongoing learning and provide timely, relevant and appropriate feedback to students on formative and summative assessments.
  Teachers should demonstrate effective classroom management that shows an understanding of the academic, social and emotional dimensions of learning.
  Teachers should keep parents informed about the learning of their children, and be proactive in communication with parents.


Person specification

  A good degree and a recognized teaching qualification or certification are expected.
  Teachers should be willing and eager to participate in the five key elements of a UWCSEA education: Academics; Activities; Outdoor Education; Personal and Social Education and Service
  Academic expectations include enthusiastic participation in Professional Learning
  Pastoral expectations include the leadership of a mentor group, unless the teacher is exempted due to other responsibilities.
  On average the College expects a yearly contribution of two sessions per week in each season to Activities and/or Service, or equivalent for a part-time role.
  The College expects that teachers will participate enthusiastically in the curricular Outdoor Education experiences which are relevant to their students and will also occasionally volunteer for holiday Outdoor Education trips.
  A commitment to diversity and inclusion is essential alongside a willingness to adapt and develop pedagogy to meet the needs of our learners

Benefits
Along with a very competitive package, UWCSEA offers the incredibly high rewards that come from working with remarkable young people in a climate of innovation, collaboration and collegiality. Furthermore, the College offers outstanding levels of professional learning; we regularly hear from teachers that they learn more with us than at any other stage in their careers. Opportunities include structured internal courses, a self-driven Professional Learning Programme, support for further studies and an emphasis on concept-based teaching and learning. Above all, teachers are part of a professional learning community that allows them to share good practice and work with outstanding fellow teachers and practitioners.
