Introduction
Founded in 2012 and regionally HQ’d in Singapore, Kydon is on a mission to transform learning. We want to make it accessible and sustainable through the most advanced learning technology solutions and custom digital training content. We’ve grown to be a trusted partner in the learning technology space by corporate enterprises, educational institutions and government agencies.

A big part of what fuels this growth is our talented and passionate people. We’re mighty proud of our diverse team of talents who believe in making a difference in the world. We welcome you to be part of our dynamic tribe where you’ll be able to build your skills, take on meaningful work, get executive exposure, engage in out-of-the-box problem solving and most importantly, have fun! We’ll love to help you build your profile, blaze your own trail and propel your career in one of the world’s fastest growing industries. So come join us!

Traineeship Description
This position reports to the DevHub Manager and he/she will be working closely with an experienced team of personnel consisting of QA, Backend and Frontend Engineers to to build one of the world’s leading knowledge exchange platform.

Specific Responsibilities
Trainee to be involved in:
1. Developing key components and services for the platform
2. Compiling and analysing data, processes, and codes to troubleshoot problems and identify areas for improvement
3. Designing more functional, cohesive codes to enhance the user experience
4. Developing new features as well as APIs for the platform
5. Formulating innovative solutions for the new platform requirements and for existing system enhancement to optimize solutions
6. The preparation of development documentations such as APIs and SDKs documentation

Technical Skills
1. Gain a strong understanding of full stack solutions in software architecture, data structures and algorithms across platforms
2. How to observe and adopt industry trends, best practices, and change management
3. Acquire excellent analytical thinking, problem-solving, project and time management skills
4. The ability to focus on efficiency, user experience, and process improvement
5. Have a strong understanding of the web development cycle
6. Obtain strong experience on both Relational and Non-Relational Databases Designs
7. Attain hands-on experience in software development