Job Title: Network Engineer

About Capgemini

A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion.

We are looking for experienced Network Engineer to join us!

About the role

As a Network Engineer, you will be working closely with the client to ensure the smooth delivery and modifications of designs, incidents management as well as new implementations for LAN &amp; WiFi within a L3 team supporting EMEA.

Key Responsibilities

Administrating and ensuring the smooth operation of the Company's data networks (Cisco switches, Cisco Access Points) which includes:

  Supervising WAN/LAN and offering responsive actions against problems and proactive actions to guarantee that the lines are dimensioned according Business requirements
  Configuration and administration of the Company's LAN/WIFI infrastructure

New installations and proactive administration of the Company's WAN/LAN/WIFI installations

  Leading improvement projects, periodic supervision etc.
  Redundancy/backup of the WAN links and LAN infrastructure
  Ensuring that documentation and monitoring is kept updated

Work aligned to the different Service Lines, Project Managers and Architecture team in order to implement the projects/tasks on time and following the specific blueprints for SD LAN, SD WAN, Skype For Business etc.

Maintaining Firewire Checkpoints such as Fire Wall Palo Alto.

Minimum Qualifications

  Minimally 5 years of relevant experience
  Possesses expertise in Cisco WIFI technologies, Aruba technologies, and Cisco LAN switching.
  Good knowledge of Firewalls, VPN SSL, SIP trunks / Session Border Controllers and Routing protocols
  Strong verbal and written communication skills
  Educational background in Computer Science/Computer Engineering (Degree or equivalent)

If you are interested, please submit your application over LinkedIn or drop your resume to Joyce at joyce.huang@capgemini.com