We are looking for MFG Shift Production Technologist at F10N who will be responsible for analyzing machines utilization, improving and ensuring quality output. You will need to take initiatives in maintaining overall production efficiencies of assigned workstations; logging the machines when necessary and communicating to the appropriate personnel. Your responsibilities include supporting a safe work environment by following safety procedures and promptly reporting identified hazards. We encourage applicants with a positive and growth attitude to join our diverse team!
Responsibilities include, but not limited to:

  Execute the implementation of inventory strategies and compliance and participate in the resolution of any constraints or issues
  Support equipment technicians with routine maintenance and preventative maintenance procedure improvement.
  Work alongside Process engineers and technicians to strengthen and maintain processes to meet stringent product requirement

Candidates need to possess a continuous improvement process (CIP) attitude, looking for ways to improve operations, and how to make a difference today!
We maintains a high level of safety knowledge by attending required training, classes and keeping safety certifications current
Micron Technology is a world leader in memory and semiconductor technology. We offer the industry’s broadest portfolio of silicon-to-semiconductor solutions—starting with foundational DRAM, NAND, and NOR Flash memory, and extending to SSDs, modules, MCPs, HMC, and other semiconductor solutions. For more than 37 years, Micron has dedicated itself to collaborating with customers and partners to engineer technology that drives innovation and transforms what’s possible. We continually rethink, recast, and advance new ideas to make it easier for customers to try new things and gain competitive advantages in their markets.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Feeling excited? Join us today.
Requirements:

  Diploma in Engineering or other disciplines.
  Equivalent experience in wafer fab would be helpful
  Able to work permanent 12 hours shift

About Micron
As the leader in innovative memory solutions, Micron is helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands — Micron, Crucial and Ballistix — we offer the industry’s broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing today’s major memory and storage technologies: DRAM, NAND, NOR and 3D XPoint™ memory. Our solutions are purpose built to demonstrate the value of data to unlock financial insights, accelerate scientific breakthroughs and enhance communication around the world.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.