Looking for passionate FULL STACK developers who derive satisfaction from creating exciting applications that enable businesses to espouse web/mobile/social technologies to scale greater heights!
Alphline Technologies is a bespoke IT Solutions company specialising in consulting and developing Web &amp; Mobile solutions that will enhance business processes and bottom-line.
Responsibilities:

  Develop objectives driven and highly user-friendly web and mobile solutions using the correct technologies with critical thinking expected.
  Understand &amp; implement the latest web technologies to enhance interface design and user interactivity with a sole objective of engineering the best UIUX possible!
  Able to work independently and also participate effectively as a member of the development team.
  Objective oriented, capable of completing features of products based on the priority.
  Able to “time” manage and “multi-task”.
  Takes pride in delivering quality solutions, on target &amp; on time!
  Perform software design, development, enhancement and maintenance support using the SDLC methodology.
  Contribute to the continuous research of new web technologies to enhance interface design and user interactivity.

Requirements:

  Degree/Diploma in IT, Computer Science and other IT related discipline.
  2-3 years of relevant skill experience.
  MUST HAVES – To articulate and effectively demonstrate the level of proficiency through portfolio of projects and involvement:


  Practical Experience with PHP, MVC, MVVM, MySQL, HTML CSS &amp; JQuery
  Practical Experience with Bootstrap, HTML5 &amp; JavaScript Framework (JQuery, React.js or Angular.js)


  Added advantage if candidate possesses:


  Practical experience with CMS (Drupal, Wordpress or Concrete5) development
  Basic knowledge in iOS / Android development


  Good communication and project documentation skills in English
  Comfortable working with Agile/Kanban Software Development Methodology
  Salary will commensurate with experience and qualification

(5 days work week / 9.30am – 6.30pm / location: Ang Mo Kio Area)