Job Description


  The Business System Analyst is responsible to gather, analyse and formalise user’s business requirements and processes, evaluate on feasibility of implementation and manage scope of project.
  Prepare project documentation such as Requirement Specifications/Use
  Case Specifications etc Adhere to project scope, update requirement traceability matrix, inform and record out-of-scope issues.
  Develop technical design specification and translate technical design into process/program specification. Involve in the design review session.
  Make changes to configurable items, which include hardware, software,documentation, etc.
  Participate in Coding and Code Review.
  Assist in the integration testing, system testing, User Acceptance
  Test &amp; implementation activities.
  Prepare user manual and operations manual, and plan &amp; facilitate training of users and operators.
  Provide post implementation support (including production support and service requests).
  Escalate and discuss critical issues such as scope creep with the relevant managers.
  Conduct requirement gathering sessions. Conduct gap analysis of current business process to identify improvement opportunities.

Preferred Skills: Microsoft Sharepoint Development
Requirements
• Typically 2-4 years IT experience
• Familiar with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
• Ability to produce specifications for documentations and
   implementations
•  Experience in IT business analysis techniques
• Degree Holder
• Self-motivated with a positive “can-do” attitude, creative with
   excellent presentation, communication, negotiation and interpersonal skills         including strong persuasive techniques.
• Ability to lead, develop and maintain respectful and trusting
   relationship

Interested Candidates who wish to apply for the above position: please send in your most updated resume to ITC3@capitasingapore.com and put an attention to SRV. 
Only shortlisted will be notified

CAPITA PTE LTD | EA License No: 08C2893
Saravanan | EA Reg No R1871815
