Summary:
Responsible for Programming, Evaluation of processes and configuring the CNC manufacturing process. To reduce cost, improve sustainability and develop best practices within the production process. Ensuring Process drawing and programs are updated into the respective machines and storage.

Work Scope:

  Draw and Prepare programs for the CNC machines
  Evaluate and improve on processes in manufacturing systems.
  Maintain reliable and safe manufacturing systems while improving production rates, efficiencies, yields, costs and changeovers.
  Improve process capability and production volume while maintaining and improving quality standards.
  Prepare samples for study.
  Develop and implements systems that optimize all phase of production process.
  Collate, Record, and transcribe data
  Provide suggestions during incident investigations.
  Work with equipment designers and manufacturing officers to develop a cost-effective and working production process.
  Research and purchase new manufacturing technology.
  Must be able to plan and allocate jobs and task.
  Must be able to prepare Quotes
  Must have knowledge of ISO process and documentation

Requirements

  Must have knowledge of CNC, Auto-cad, HyperMill, designing and programming, etc.
  Must be able to plan and allocate jobs and task.
  Knowledge in Microsoft Office and willingness to learn new software applications
  Can speak and write fluently in English
  Willing to work in Woodlands
  This position is largely self-directed and requires understanding of company policy, procedures, and values. Team members will be required to adhere to all safety requirements in all work environments.
  This position operates in both an office and a plant environment. In the office, the team member will work on a personal computer. In the plant environment, the team member may be exposed to noise, heat, and other elements both inside and outside. While performing the duties of this position, the team member will be exposed to moving, mechanical parts, dusty conditions, high noise levels, internal and external temperature/weather conditions, and exposed to chemicals.
