Job Description: 

This is a SAP project delivery-focused role, managing complex SAP ERP implementation &amp; configuration. Consultant must be able to travel frequently locally.

Responsibilities:


  Design, configuration, design, development and customization using SAP ABAP + BW and HANA
  Work closely with SAP functional consultant to deliver, maintain, troubleshoot and enhance SAP functionality.
  ETL Development, investigation and defect fixing and analyse an existing ETL flow to understand the process.
  Investigate and fix existing HANA Models Implement complex ETL logic that cannot be handled by BW mapping options, as well as ABAP-based DataSource. Investigate and debug existing ABAP routines/logic.
  Troubleshooting an existing BEx query for a Report issue before even investigating the underlying BW model.
   Design and develop program based on the functional requirements.
  Prepares technical designs document and unit testing.
   Proposes, robust solution to meet the functional needs.
  Builds professional relationships with team members and clients, to ensure delivery of proposed solutions.


Requirements:


  Must have more than 6 years of ABAP and Workflow development experience with SAP BW and HANA.
   Preferred to have Insurance Industry Knowledge
   Good knowledge &amp; experience in BW Modelling, ABAP on HANA, Eclipse/HANA Studio, HANA SQL(SQLScript), HANA Stored Procedures, Personas, Business Rules Framework(BRF+), BEx Query design, Version Control(CTS) and Master Data Governance Development (MDG)
  Must have a good knowledge to use excel to analyse data sets, troubleshoot data errors, aggregate, find patterns, data crunching in general.
  Must have at least 3 full cycle of major SAP project implementation
   Strong technical skills in all areas of the ABAP workbench including: List, interactive, &amp; ALV reporting; BAPIs and BDC scripts; SAPscript &amp; SMART Forms; Adobe Forms; Dialog Programming; User-Exits &amp; Customer Enhancements; Performance Tuning; ABAP Objects; Workflow; Analyzing ABAP logs/dumps; Researching SAP Notes
  Experience with developing interfaces between SAP and non-SAP applications
  Ability to co-ordinate and interact with multiple teams to help resolve complex technical issues.
  Able to start in a short notice period

Licence No.: 11C4684 / EA Reg no: R1437343