Traineeship Description
This position reports to the Manager (Motor Technology) of the Neo Magnequench Business Unit and will be supporting the Motor Technology team in its daily operations and projects. Neo Performance Materials (S) Pte Ltd is committed to an employee oriented, high performance culture that emphasis on quality, individual development, work life balance, safety and wellbeing of its employee.

Specific Responsibilities
Trainee will be part of Motor Technology team and will be involved in:

  Permanent magnet and permanent magnet based motor characterization.
  Development and fabrication of magnetizing systems to magnetize permanent magnets.
  CNC programming and component manufacturing using CNC.

Technical Skills and Competencies Trainee will learn

  Knowledge on Permanent Magnet (PM) materials competitive landscape with emphasis on isotropic and anisotropic bonded neo magnets.
  Characterization and evaluation of magnets at room temperature and elevated temperatures.
  Basic machining skills for simple component fabrication.
  Advanced machining skills for complicated component fabrication.
  Fundamentals of Permanent magnet (PM) motors.
  Design of magnetization fixtures for different magnets.
  Fabrication of magnetization fixtures.
  Magnetization and evaluation of the magnet.
  Measurement of motor vibration.
  Develop CNC machining skills.
  Permanent magnet motor testing.
  Benchmarking of the motors.

Education Qualifications Required

  Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical or Mechatronics Engineering is preferred. Bachelor’s Degree in Production or Industrial Engineering will also be considered.
  Please provide a copy of your latest academic transcript along in your attachment.


Eligibility Criteria

  Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident; and
  Graduated or graduating in calendar year 2019 or 2020 from ITEs, polytechnics, universities, or other educational institutions (e.g. private universities and overseas institutions); or
  Graduated earlier from above institutions and completed National Service in 2019 or 2020.
