Why Deliveroo?
When you first think about Deliveroo, you probably think of getting great food to your house in less than half an hour. Awesome right? But behind the scenes is the real story. This story is one of high growth, huge challenges and an enormous opportunity ahead of us.

We want to be the definitive food company - the app you go to any time you have a hunger pang. We are transforming the way people think about food. We’re a technology driven company at the forefront of the most rapidly expanding industry in the world, so come and join us for the ride.

What you'll be doing:
You will be leading Deliveroo’s Business Development and Account Management teams, tasked with signing up Singapore’s best restaurants and chains, and managing a portfolio of over three thousand restaurant partners. You will be joining one of the fastest growing start-ups globally, surrounded by a top-notch team of enthusiastic self-starters that are passionate about delivering a fantastic service and contributing to the exciting journey that Deliveroo is on.

This role requires an experienced, strategic and creative sales individual that can build solid relationships with all types of personalities in the F&amp;B industry. It will also require the person to be able to lead, develop, mentor and coach a large team of managers and associates. Ultimately, this person is responsible for maintaining and expanding our market leadership and solidify our restaurant relationships.

More specifically, you will:

  Facilitate and lead meetings with high profile F&amp;B groups for new business, renegotiations or relationship management
  Own relationships with key restaurant industry stakeholders
  Define and lead our Business Development and account management strategy in Singapore
  Manage a team of 15-20 sales managers and account managers in a very structured and methodical manner
  Motivate the team to meet targets
  Represent Deliveroo in F&amp;B industry events
  Build up Deliveroo’s image and reputation as an established and valued leader of the HK F&amp;B industry

Skills you'll need:
For this role you need to be tenacious, sophisticated and have the following skill set:

  Demonstrable experience in sales leadership
  Creative approach: you'll need to adapt your strategies for the diverse food &amp; beverage market
  Strong sales skills and track record of business development success
  Knowledge of the restaurant industry is a plus
  History of exceeding revenue targets
  Exhibit the ability to self-motivate
  Experience in a high-growth business environment or start-up a plus

We believe a great workplace is one that represents the world we live in and how beautifully diverse it can be. That means we have no judgement when it comes to any one of the things that make you who you are - your gender, race, sexuality, religion or a secret aversion to coriander. All you need is a passion for (most) food and a desire to be part of one of the fastest growing start ups around.