Job Description

This position is responsible for achieving maximum sales profitability, assigned sales quotas and account penetration within an assigned territory by effectively selling the company’s products and/or related services.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities

  Sell portfolio of medical device products to new and existing customers within Radiology, Gynaecology and various specialist device to new and existing customers.
  Develop and implement tactical sales plans for growing new business and expanding current business within territory.
  Responsible to handle Tender/ Procurement and to work with commercial / legal teams on T&amp;C.
  Maintain complete ownership over designated accounts within the territory.
  Responsible for the delivery of revenue targets of assign accounts.
  Work with other sales and marketing employees to enhance technical visibility and company image within all accounts.
  Establish and manage territory’s target list and forecast for prospective accounts.
  Build and maintain professional business relationships with physicians, nurses, and technicians.
  Conduct sales presentations to large and small groups and demonstrate use of the medical device product portfolio to prospective end-user.
  Prospecting
  Utilize a variety of selling skills and techniques to achieve minimum quota standards.
  Provide reports to management on activities, forecasts, sales and projects accurately and on time.
  Acquire and maintain knowledge of competitive products and services.

Qualifications

  At least 5 years of &nbsp;sales experience preferably in Healthcare products and solutions in Singapore
  Experience in managing customer accounts preferably in Healthcare industry. Understanding of diagnostic imaging market with sales knowledge of Singapore Healthcare market
  Highly organized and has very effective time management skills.
  Highly customer focused.
  Excellent presentation skills.
  Strong negotiating skills and capacity.
  Strong written and verbal communication skills including strong listening skills.
  Working knowledge of Windows, MS Office, as well as networks and internet applications.
