A*STAR's Industry Development Group comprises several units focused  on developing partnerships between industry and the Singapore research  community.

The Growing Enterprises With Technology Upgrade (GET-Up) Programme  is a key industry programme in A*STAR aiming at upgrading the technological  capabilities of local SMEs so as to improve their  competitiveness.

The officer of this role will:

  Promote A*STAR SERC Research Institutes (RIs) capabilities and the  GET-Up Programme (OTR and T-Up) to local companies, and explore collaboration to  enhance their technological capabilities.
  Liaise with A*STAR RIs and other government agencies to ensure the  smooth execution of the Programme.
  Assist in the processing of grant applications and claim  submissions.
  Support activities undertaken by the Council to develop strategic  international and industry partnerships to enhance A*STAR's positioning as a  centre of excellence for physical sciences and engineering  research.
  Serve as spokesperson for the Operation and Technology Roadmap  (OTR) Programme at meetings, special and media events.
  Responsible for developing and implementing all outreach and  marketing activities, campaigns, and strategies to promote alternative  transportation programmes.
  Develop and implement an annual outreach plan that includes  promotional and educational strategies.
  Performs and supervises all communication, outreach, marketing,  public relations, and media duties relating to OTR as  required.
  Liaising with Applicant Companies and RIs to ensure that all  application documents are complete and correct.


Requirements:

  A strong interest in technologies, SMEs and startups and to engage  with entrepreneurs and innovators
  Able to appreciate and quickly understand new technologies and  provide market assessment and their potential to be applied in different  business contexts
  Broad vision of science and technology, able to handle diverse  technical topics beyond one’s direct field of education and experience, and  excellent awareness of emerging
  Effective and thoughtful communicator
  Strong organisational and administrative  skills
  Resourceful and able to work with minimal supervision,  independently and in a team
  Willing, adaptable and flexible to take on required/necessary tasks  beyond the job description
  A self-starter and problem solver who can proactively address any  situation
  Able to identify and contextualize stakeholder issues, and manage  them appropriately
