Data Centre Operation &amp; Engineering Specialist

Our client is a US MNC and a giant Pharmaceutical company. They are currently looking for a Data Centre Operations &amp; Engineering Specialist to embark on an exciting career journey.

Responsibilities

  Oversee the activities of the technicians on duty and ensures all issues are handled according to standard operating procedures.  Responsible for improving the overall operation of the organization and ensuring that work activities are completed within SLA parameters to meet the needs of the business.
  Work with Facilities to manage critical DC infrastructure (Power and Cooling) availability SLA.
  Manage and maintain Data Centre environment to always be compliant under GMP standards &amp; requirements.
  Manage and maintain Data Centre physical security and processes to meet audit requirements
  Shared responsibility for operations and support for Organon's global IT infrastructure and data centre environments.  Provide level 1 and level 2 support as required.
  Monitor all services and ensures any incidents are responded to and resolved to ensure service/system stability. Escalate issues to appropriate resolver group using company’s standard incident management processes and tools
  Use the incident management system to log and follow-up on all service disruptions. Coordinate with Help Desk colleagues to communicate service disruptions to the business
  Able to work on flexible schedule to provide 7x24 support. This may require working multiple shifts and/or weekends/holidays.  Provides flexibility and coverage on alternate days when scheduled or needed
  Manage/lead special projects to design, deploy and/or migrate technologies into the data centre environment.  Partners with IT colleagues to ensure the correct standard platforms and procedures are implemented.
  Coordinate status reports for incidents and special projects to data centre management and senior management as needed.

Requirements

  Minimum University Degree or equivalent.
  Must possess a strong background in IT
  Minimum 5 years of working experience providing technical support in a mid to large scale enterprise or commercial data centre environment is required.
  At least 3 years of current data centre experience with server installation, data centre racking/stacking and data centre cabling as well as troubleshooting incidents and managing changes.
  Strong knowledge of all data centre technologies (Windows/Unix Servers, Data Centre Facilities, Data Centre Networking/Switching, Structured Cabling).
  Good understanding of and experience with Incident Management, Problem Management, Change Management and Configuration Management (CMDB).
  Experience with data centre related projects will be useful.
  Data Centre related technical certifications are highly desirable.

Additional Information:

  CBD area
  1-year renewable contract, potential to convert to perm.

Interested candidates, please reach to me at tammy.chew@manpower.com.sg. I regret to inform that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.

Tammy Chew Wen Hui (R1877573)