1. Traineeship Description
This position reports directly to the management and work as part of the company’s consulting team. At YNL 360 Pte Ltd (Stendard), we believe that quality is everyone’s business because it takes a team to consistently deliver and uphold great standards that build confidence with customers, partners and the community. We are a regulatory consultancy and technology company that helps businesses implement international standards, streamline business processes across the organisation, and accelerate global growth. Our vision is to put quality at the centre of your business and make it easier.
2. Specific Responsibilities
QMS Training/Consultancy

  To understand the clients’ businesses and nature of the product, and to lead and manage the project through the Gap Analysis, Training, Document Review, Implementation and Mock Audit activities to achieve compliance/certification to standards/regulations. This can be based on a specific standard or integration of several standards.

Content Development

  To be familiar with medical device standards such as ISO 13485, US FDA 21 CFR and to keep the content of documents updated on Stendard Solution™ software. This can be based on customer feedback, or partners’ request on local regulations (Korea GMP, Taiwan FDA, CFDA and etc.).
  To translate new and complementary standards’ requirements into documents (QM, SOPs, Forms) and define the applicability of the requirements for the different types of businesses. E.g., EU MDR/IVDR, GDPMD, IEC 62304 and etc.
  To create tutorials and supplementary materials for Stendard e-learning academy. The purpose is to work towards Stendard’s vision of educating and allowing companies to handle their compliance activities independently.
  To translate customer feedback and learning into new Stendard Solution™ software offering/features as continuous innovation.

3. Competencies

  Active participation in meetings with the Management and Head of Departments to plan and execute internal and customer projects.
  Learn to be a project manager to handle consulting projects with tight timeline and deliverables.
  Providing technical content and script to support the creation of new whitepaper, blog and e-learning modules.
  Part of the exciting team to translate customer feedback and learning into new Stendard Solution™ software offering/features as continuous innovation.

4. Education Qualifications Required for the Traineeship Role

  University Degree

5. Eligibility Criteria for SGUnitedTraineeships:
Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident; and

  Graduated or graduating in calendar year 2019 or 2020 from ITEs, polytechnics, universities, or other educational institutions (e.g. private universities and overseas institutions); or
  Graduated earlier from above institutions and completed National Service in 2019 or 2020.
