Ride on the wave of Industry 4.0! Join STYL Solutions in the forefront of using Fintech and IoT technologies for smart city/nation transformation.
Headquartered in Singapore with R&amp;D center in Vietnam, STYL Solutions designs, develops and supplies hardware, software and integrated solutions for applications in payment, loyalty management, location tracking, self-service operation, telemetry. Our market segment coverage extends from financial services, retail, mass transit, education to social services markets in Singapore and South Asia Pacific.
Our vision is to use Fintech and IoT to create smart and efficient cities that enhances Quality of Life through convenience and healthier living.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

  First member to meet customer if any of quality defect issue arise.
  Prepare Quality Plan that supports the project and clients’ requirements on quality assurance (QA) and quality control (QC).
  Ensure the non-conforming project activities including potential non-conformance are identified and resolved through approved quality procedures
  Make FA Report to customer (Faulty Analysis- cause analysis, Containment plan, permanent proposal to make) after discussion with customer, project leader and production leader.
  Ensure high quality control/reliability of the products and development compliance to product requirements
  Define and Develop test methodologies and test requirement.
  To create, review and update Quality and Reliability Standards on a regular basis
  Manage assembly factories and component suppliers (local or overseas) on quality issues &amp; control.
  Responsible for certifying and maintaining Company Quality system (ISO9001, ISO14000 and TQM).
  Provide leadership and structure to a high performing Quality team to accomplish service quality objectives
  Primary champion and executor of quality and service excellence in addition to business process improvements that enhance the customer experience
  Recommend quality improvement practices and processes to IT Management based on current and emerging technologies to improve performance, reduce costs, and/or reduce administrative time.

REQUIREMENTS

  Degree in engineering or relevant field, preferably in Electronics
  Proven experience as a quality assurance manager
  Proficient knowledge of QA tool sets, including automated and performance testing tools.
  Thorough knowledge of methodologies of ISO quality assurance and standards
  Excellent numerical skills and understanding of data analysis/statistical methods
  Good knowledge of MS Office and databases
  Outstanding communication skills
  Great attention to detail and a result driven approach
  Excellent organizational and leadership abilities
  Reliable and Trustworthy
  Knowledge of scripting or programming languages (preferred)
