
Responsibilities

  The Leader of the Project Management Office (PMO) has the overall responsibility for the effective and efficient operations of the Project Management, Project Engineering and Project Administration to meet/exceed sales budget and customer’s specifications, project schedules, financial goals for projects contributing to the Industrial and business.
  Achieve both monthly and overall sales and profit forecast.
  Responsible for Sales and Proposal support (for the assigned proposals) in addressing Project Execution Plan &amp; Strategy, Risk assessment, Procurement strategy, change management process &amp; reviewing Terms and conditions.
  Ensure good project management/engineering standards and practices are implemented thoroughly, including but not limited to documenting all project requirements, establishing clear project execution plan, maintaining accountability clarity for all parties (Customers, PM, PE, IPMs, Doc. Engr. and OMs) during project phases, Kickoff meetings at critical phases, templated and official customer communications, monitor deep &amp; communicate often throughout the complete project execution cycle.
  Responsible for putting in place effective change order pricing &amp; Delivery date impact mgmt. process to ensure project delivery certainty, minimize surprises, maximize project profitability and returns.
  Develop and maintain working level tools/process to agile PMO team daily work.
  Develop effective review/monitor process, project health card for timely risk identification/mitigation and providing senior management clear visibility of project health situation in terms of deliver as per request/promise, margin uplift, customer satisfaction etc.
  Continuous enhancement of the PMO guidelines to improve productivity and profitability.
  Ensure and co-ordinate leveraging of resources/database from different world area/business units.
  Ensure compliance of workplace safety rules, including but not limited to the usage of a personal protective equipment, if provided to you, while working; not involve in any unsafe or negligent act that may endanger peers or oneself; reporting unsafe work conditions and providing suggestions to improve safety/ health at work, as needed.


Requirements

  Degree in Engineering with minimum of 10 years experience in process control industry and project management with at least 7 years in a managerial capacity
  Solid people management skills with excellent communication and interpersonal skills at all levels.
  Leadership quality and ability to negotiate and work effectively to win as a team
  Strong strategical agility, organizational and planning skills.
  Relevant commercial and financial knowledge
  Excellent analytical skills and results-oriented.
  Decisive, drive and ability to deliver effective, innovative solutions
  Hands-on management style with focus on customer needs and satisfaction.
  Managing the performance of a large group of professionals in meeting the challenges in a dynamic, fast-growing and fast-paced business environment.
  Formulate/implement effective business practices and process to support business growth and ensure profitable operation.
  Build organizational climate that continuously supports creativity, commitment, responsiveness, quality, motivation and achievement of strategic objectives.
  Ensure prioritizing and effective scheduling of resources are maintained to meet projects, customers and company requirement.


All Successful candidates can expect a very competitive remuneration package and a comprehensive range of benefits.

Please email your resume in a detailed Word format to
kent.lee@peopleprofilers.com

We regret that only shortlisted candidates will be notified

People Profilers Pte Ltd
 11 Collyer Quay, The Arcade, #13-01, Singapore 049317
DID: &nbsp;6950 9726
http://www.peopleprofilers.com

Lee Khet Kien, Kent
License Number: 02C4944
Registration Number : R1658448

Please be informed that the personal data you provided by way of your job application to People Profilers will be collected, used and disclosed by or on behalf of People Profilers to determine or investigate your suitability, eligibility or qualifications for employment with People Profilers and/or its’ Clients and manage your application for employment with People Profilers and/or its’ clients, including identifying you as a potential candidate for future suitable positions and/or notifying you of any such positions, either existing or in the future.