About Standard Chartered 
We are a leading international bank focused on helping people and companies prosper across Asia, Africa and the Middle East.  
To us, good performance is about much more than turning a profit.  It's about showing how you embody our valued behaviours - do the right thing, better together and never settle - as well as our brand promise, Here for good. 
We're committed to promoting equality in the workplace and creating an inclusive and flexible culture - one where everyone can realise their full potential and make a positive contribution to our organisation. This in turn helps us to provide better support to our broad client base.

The Role Responsibilities
Run platform across Global Regions and ensure consistency in our use of Cloud Services.
Evaluate and propose new technologies for business solutions.
Interact with customers to understand business requirements and expectations.
Establish best engineering practices through solid design decisions, processes, and tools.
Technical product qualification (benchmarking, suitability, performance characteristics) of relevant hardware and software for use case requirements.
Write server side code to create robust production offerings that are highly available, scalable and can cope with burst demand.
Champion Agile best-practices, processes, and tools in support of DevOps processes.
Ensure proactive capacity planning and expansions.
Special responsibilities for:
Ensuring that Standard Chartered own images in the cloud environments are fully consistent with Bank audit and compliance requirements and fully consistent with the design ethos and technical requirements of external and internal cloud providers.
Ensuring that all relevant platforms are being efficiently and appropriately supported in SCB CI/CD toolchains, including identifying opportunities for toolchain and operational practise improvements.
Cloud platform estate management including license / support subscription oversight, control and best utilization, automation of estate reporting and management, including close collaboration with other Platforms.
supporting adoption of containers and container control frameworks for external and internal Cloud Services, including container platform selection and design, cost and license planning and ensuring that self-service design/deployment/control web containers is appropriate for requirements.
Incident Management for issues related to Private Cloud Services, acting as senior escalation point for Cloud Support, driving service restoration and stability during significant incidents.
People and Talent
Lead through example and build the appropriate culture and values. Set appropriate tone and expectations from their team and work in collaboration with risk and control partners.
Ensure the provision of ongoing training and development of people, and ensure that holders of all critical functions are suitably skilled and qualified for their roles ensuring that they have effective supervision in place to mitigate any risks.
Employ, engage and retain high quality people.
Set and monitor job descriptions and objectives for direct reports and provide feedback and rewards in line with their performance against those responsibilities and objectives.
Governance
Take personal responsibility for understanding the risk and compliance requirements of the role.
Understand and comply with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws and regulations, including those governing anti-money laundering, terrorist financing and sanctions; the Group’s policies and procedures; and the Group Code of Conduct.
Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk and compliance matters.
Technology Competencies
Required - deep expertise in server and workload virtualisation, including hypervisors and networking.
Required - experience of deploying and controlling virtual machines in a cloud services environment, preferably with Amazon Web Services or other cloud providers such as Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform.
Required – experience with VMware, vSphere, vRealise Automation, NSX, Software-defined-storage solutions.
Required - experience and expertise in Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment practise, tooling and techniques. Evidence of leading organisational and cultural change to adopt CI/CD practises (Jira, Confluence, BitBucket, git; Jenkins, Artifactory, Terraform, Packer, Rundeck, Ansible, AppDynamics)
Required – experience with at least one of data analytics tools such as Splunk and/or ELK.
Required - Ability to write code. Ideally in Python or Java.
Strongly advantageous - experience and demonstrable accomplishments as a DevOps engineer.
Strongly advantageous – experience of successful and demonstrable achievements in collaborative working with compliance, technology risk and regulatory requirement specialists.
Advantageous - extensive experience and demonstrable accomplishments in selecting, designing and implementing automation and compliance frameworks that are applied to virtual compute resource deployments in the cloud.
Advantageous - deep experience in multi-tier application architecture, development, deployment and support.
Advantageous - knowledge of writing code to produce and consume RESTful API’s.
Service &amp; Finance
Demonstrates delivering services as a business (understanding and analysing the cost base of a service, controlling a recharge and recovery model)
Vendor interaction, understand the product/technology lifecycle (end-of-life) and provide recommendation for changes/upgrades.
Demonstrates tactical ownership for the management and support of assigned infrastructure areas.
Participating in initiatives to maintain a secure, consistent, and effective global technical infrastructure service.
Our Ideal Candidate
Delivers by possessing productivity, professionalism, customer service attitude, attention to detail and quality; ability to multitask; strong interpersonal skills, strong verbal and written communication skills and adherence to standard operating procedures.
Demonstrates ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment and ability to take direction from multiple areas.
Comfortable in an agile and fast-moving environment.
Developing Self &amp; Others through Coaching, Contributing to Team, continuously learning and sharing knowledge.
Academic or Professional Education/Qualifications: IT related tertiary qualification or equivalent experience.
Licences and Certifications / accreditations - Associate or Professional level of AWS Certification (SA, SysOps), ITIL v3

Apply now to join the Bank for those with big career ambitions. To view information on our benefits including our flexible working please visit our career pages.
How to Apply
Please visit - https://scb.taleo.net/careersection/ex/jobdetail.ftl?job=2000007858&amp;lang=en  to apply now and take the next step in fulfilling your potential.
You can search and view current opportunities across our global organisation and apply immediately by visiting www.standardchartered.com. 
To help speed up your application, please note the following:
•	You will need to log in (or register if you are visiting our careers site for the first time) before you can apply for a specific role
•	Some roles may require you to undertake an online talent assessment in addition to completing the application form (to facilitate this process it is preferable that you provide us with an email address as part of your contact information)
•	We will ask you about your education, career history and skills and experience, it may be helpful to have this information at hand when completing your application
It usually takes 15 - 20 minutes to complete the application form; you can save your application at any time and return to complete it at your convenience.
Diversity &amp; Inclusion 
Standard Chartered is committed to diversity and inclusion. We believe that a work environment which embraces diversity will enable us to get the best out of the broadest spectrum of people to sustain strong business performance and competitive advantage. By building an inclusive culture, each employee can develop a sense of belonging, and have the opportunity to maximise their personal potential.

