1. Degree in Finance/Accounting or ACCA equivalent.
2. At least 1 - 2 years of working experience.
3. Good written and verbal communication skills.
4. Strong inter-personal skills, self-motivated, proactive, analytical, meticulous, willing and able to work independently and under pressure.
5. Experience Accounting standards.
6. Self-starter, team player and able to multi-tasks in meeting deadlines.
7. Fresh graduates are welcome.
8. Able to start immediate / short notice.
9. Responsible for daily accounting operations, variance cost analysis, cash flow planning, working capital management, cost accounting, audit, cost control, inventory control, asset management and good budgetary controls .
10. Ensure updating of all book-keeping transaction with speed and accuracy.
11. Responsible for cost centre accounting such as cost allocation analysis.
12. Establish and manage the rate chart and chargeback model for recovering costs through internal company.
13. Regularly monitor, update and analyze product costing including direct and indirect manufacturing overheads including analysis and update of standard costs.
14. Assist manager in preparing financial commentary and to ensure timely submission of monthly accounts, management reports, quarterly forecasts and budgeting.
15. Provide financial accounting support and analysis to business units/commercial team
16. Monitor sales and accounting of all money collections.
17. Liaise with auditors, company secretary, tax agent, bankers, lawyers and government agencies.
18. Intercompany reconciliation with counterparts by investigating and resolving differences.
19. Analyze the review budgets &amp; expenditures, revenue and expenditure trends and recommend appropriate budget levels, and ensure expenditure control on a periodical basis.
20. Assist to formulate and review the group operating policies with the ultimate objective of improving the internal control system and practices and standardization of operating procedures for greater transparency, efficiency and resource utilization.
21. Responsible for the continuous cost saving campaign from manufacturing overheads right up to the operating expenses.
22. Ensure transactions are recorded in a tax efficient and effective manner.
23. Compliance with all business and financial controls required to minimize operational and financial risks.
24. Establish, maintain, and coordinate the implementation of accounting control procedures.
25. Performing &amp; implementation of SOX relevant controls.
26. To perform any ad-hoc reports and jobs as and when requested by The Management.