Sen. Business Manager #154067
Credit Suisse Company Overview
Credit Suisse is a leading global wealth manager with strong investment banking and asset management capabilities. Founded in 1856, Credit Suisse has expanded to be a global force employing over 45,000 people in 50 countries. With new leadership, a new strategy and a streamlined global organization, we are set for growth. We partner across businesses, divisions and regions to create innovative solutions to meet the needs of our clients—and to help our employees grow. It is a high priority for us to continually invest in our employees by providing ongoing opportunities for training, networking and mobility. Join us and let's shape the future of Credit Suisse together.
Further information can be found at www.credit-suisse.com
We Offer…
As a continued effort to grow our Private Banking franchise in Asia, the PB APAC Business Management is a lean team covering regional activities for APAC and APAC COO. This includes management and forecasting of headcounts, collaborating with PB Finance on budgeting &amp; financials, management of the PB APAC’s management rhythm, PB APAC and COO’s people programs as well as COO chief-of-staff activities. You can expect a range of challenging tasks and responsibilities, firmly embedded within the business with the view to deliver sustainable results with a significant impact to the bank. You will be working in a fast paced and motivated team.
Headcounts and Financials

  Responsible for headcount forecasting and tracking for all PB APAC resources to ensure accurate and timely projections for financial and headcount management purposes, working closely with business heads, COO and HR.
  Partner and collaborate with PB Finance on the tracking and management of PB APAC’s financials against set budget / target as well as crafting the annual financial business plan.

PB APAC Management Rhythm and people recognition programs

  Responsible to manage the key business governance meetings including the PB APAC Executive Committee, Human Capital Governance Committee as well as the PB APAC Operating Committee.
  Drive and manage regional people recognition programs for producers and non-producers.
  Manage and facilitate selective regional initiatives

PB APAC COO Chief-of-Staff (CoS)

  Drive the people agenda for COO employees across multiple offices where PB APAC business has presence to ensure continued engagement and staff development..
  Business Manager to the PB APAC COO.

PB APAC Business Support

  Partner with North Asia and South Asia CoS teams on regional activities including town halls, management presentations, broadcasts etc.
  Partner with Corp Comms for external regional award pitches.

Inter and Intra Divisional Collaboration and Cross Sharing

  Collaborating and cross-sharing of information within COO, with North Asia and South Asia CoS teams as well as division Asia to stay aligned, utilize alignments and enable effective cooperation on regional initiatives.
  Interact with various levels of business partners and have the opportunity to work within a team that fosters a culture of open feedback, transparency and collaboration for continued excellence.

You Offer…

  Minimum 5 - 8 years of relevant working experience within the Private Banking business with intermediate degree of front-to-back banking process knowledge.
  Keen eye on numbers and financials with intermediate understanding of key performance indicators for PB business.
  Demonstrates ability as a motivated self-starter, dedicated individual willing to go above and beyond, able to see the big picture, think out of the box and ability to connect the dots across the organization.
  Ability to excel under pressure and possess a positive can-do attitude.
  Work independently in a fast paced yet agile and flexible as a responsible teammate who is open to feedback.
  Excellent interpersonal, presentation, written and verbal communication skills, in particular story-boarding skills.
  Outstanding organizational, project and time management skills and can prioritize and multi-task.
  Outstanding problem solving skills, PowerPoint and Excel skills
  Ability to build positive relationships with multi-level business partners within the Bank.
  You are result oriented, dedicated, hardworking and can work on own initiative whilst also working collaboratively and deliver on time with a high level of integrity, sense of urgency, attention to detail and quality standards.

EEO statement
Credit Suisse is an equal opportunity employer. Welcoming diversity gives us a competitive advantage in the global marketplace and drives our success.