The Job

  Responsible for the design and implementation a greenfield solution according the functional specifications in a latest Java technologies framework
  Responsible for the preparation, planning and execution of the roll-out from support to production services. The goal is to obtain a smooth roll-out of the application to different sites.
  To have a close collaboration with the technical lead in order to elaborate technical specifications
  Responsible for the integration of new tools with existing enterprise application ecosystem of the bank.
  Drafting specifications, technical design, unit tests, code reviews and detailed system integration documents, additionally to any other documents required during the project lifecycle.
  Contributions to help maintaining a high standard of delivery quality
  Active participation in the analysis and resolving of issues when application will in production, and to provide technical support in case of need.

The Talent

  Minimum 5+ years experience in web and stand-alone application design &amp; development with Java/JEE technologies in Unix environment.
  Strong experience on microservices architecture and API.
  Excellent understanding and practical experience of Spring Frameworks (IOC, Spring Data, Rest, Spring MVC).
  Good understanding on ArgoCD, Docker and Kubernetes or Swarm
  Excellent understanding of Relational Database Systems and Hibernate 4.x.
  Good experience on Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (Git, Jenkins, Maven, Nexus or JFrog, ArgoCD, Kubernetes or Swarm, .
  Strong knowledge of messaging systems such as Kafka, WebSphere MQ or HornetQ.
  Very good understanding of application system design with UML.
  Ability to assess interdependences and impacts of a change at application level.
  Practical experience on Javascript echnologies such as Angular 5/6, VueJs, Aurelia / Durandal or ReactJS.
  Excellent understanding on design pattern (GOF).

Functional

  General knowledge in banking
  Good understanding of SDLC, with experience on at least one methodology Agile

Next Steps

  Interested applicants kindly forward the latest copy of your resume in MS Word format  (with details of your last drawn and expected salaries) to waicharng.chong@adecco.com
  All shortlisted candidates will be notified!

Chong Wai Charng (R1652634)
Consultant – Staffing Division
Email: waicharng.chong@adecco.com