Responsibilities:

  EMEA Associate Operations Manager will need to work closely with APAC Associate Operations Manager in enabling the necessary deployment and coordinating of Cisco Meraki solutions, Cisco IP Telephony (Voice) and Cisco legacy devices.
  Must be able to provide backfill to regional Associate Operation Manager when the co-colleague(s) goes on annual leave
  Work closely with “Network and Security Team” (NEST) team in Singapore and manage &amp; schedule the planned activities.
  Assist, manage &amp; assign tasks in the development of the Operations Plan.
  Manage and provide leadership in troubleshooting &amp; resolving infrastructure related incident &amp; issues.
  Clearly understand &amp; develop the escalation processes for internal and to client for higher level support and/or vendor engagement.
  Enable to develop (from scratch) the technical operational working instructions across the new platforms of networks technologies. •
  Develop the overall train the trainer program as it pertains to the technology policy and procedural aspects and specific client requirements for “go-live”.
  Maintain LAN/WAN network; contact vendors to establish connectivity; plan to deploy and configure routers, switches, and firewalls.

To succeed&nbsp;it Operations Manager role (Network) you must have people management experience, with ample amount technical skillset

Requirements:

  At least 7 years working experience in the role of network administration / operation / engineering.
  At least 2 to 3 years team leading experience or team management experience in some form in a complex multivendor &amp; multinational environment.
  Engineering or diploma with either CCNA/CCNP certified.
  Strong working knowledge on cisco networking products.
  Working knowledge on Wireless, Firewall, Routing &amp; Switching and Voice related networks infrastructure.
  ITIL foundation certified or trained with the concept.

If you enjoy&nbsp;working in dynamic&nbsp;team this&nbsp;Operations Manager role (Network) is a perfect opportunity for you please apply or share this role with your friends

Robert Walters (Singapore) Pte Ltd
ROC No.: 199706961E | EA Licence No.: 03C5451
EA Registration No.: R1660884 Irina Kotenko