Get to know our Team:
The Quality Assurance and Automation teams are responsible for tracking the missing, hunting down the broken, and resolving all issues to help give the best experience for all our users.
Get to know the Role:

  The Quality Manager is responsible for the cross-functional coordination of all quality assurance and customer experience improvement initiatives.
  The Quality Manager shall be accountable for the development of Quality Assurance Engineers, as well as the day-to-day management of quality monitoring and improvement initiatives.
  The Quality Manager shall support the product development stakeholders by communicating performance opportunities, supplying status &amp; performance reporting, and addressing quality issues with action plans created jointly with the operations team.

The day-to-day activities:

  Primary champion and executor of quality and service excellence in addition to business process improvements that enhance the customer experience
  Base quality control programs on department goals and metrics from quality monitoring data, training data and customer satisfaction surveys
  Make independent operational decisions as necessary to align with department objectives
  Provide leadership and structure to a high performing Quality team to accomplish service quality objectives
  Execute programs and demonstrate leadership that enhances employee job satisfaction, support employee retention, productivity, profitability, and customer satisfaction
  Research, design, and implement test procedures, review automation approach and guide other team members in their automation design.
  Design, build and execute automated regression test packages using scripts, high level languages, and automation test tools for both existing systems and newly implemented projects.
  Maintain high service quality by collaborating with the product and business owners to assess performance data and develop action plans to address findings and issues identified

The must haves:

  5+ years recent experience managing direct reports with staff and proven coaching skills to develop the team, preferably in terms of quality assurance and/or software development
  Knowledge in Ad-Hoc, Exploratory and Risk Based testing
  Knowledge of functional and nonfunctional test tools, e.g. Charles, Postman, &nbsp;Automation Tools(Selenium, Appium, JMeter, Gatling etc.), testing frameworks (Mocha, TestNG etc.)
  Knowledge of scripting or programming languages (Groovy, Ruby, Python etc.)
  Knowledge of testing techniques, e.g. Boundary Value Analysis, Equivalence Partitioning, State Transition, Use Case etc.
  Understanding of best practices relevant to creating a positive and customer centric work environment
  Ability to multi-task several work deliveries; set priorities and meet deadlines with little supervision; desire to take ownership of assigned work, take initiative and drive to results
  Help support building a strong Quality Assurance community across Grab
