Responsibilities

  Lead and conduct criticality assessment and Failure Modes &amp; Effects Analysis (FMEA) for critical equipments.
  Set up appropriate maintenance strategy and review effectiveness periodically including Identification of strategic spares and operational spares and recommendation of inventory level.
  Plan and co-ordinate predictive, preventive maintenance work, including breakdown maintenance and plant modification.  Ensure timely closure of work orders in Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS)
  Ensure that all maintenance activities and housekeeping are carried out in compliance with engineering standards and procedures. Carry out periodic review of Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) / Instruction (INS) to maintain an inspection readiness state at all time.
  Responsible for conducting detailed root cause analysis for breakdown issues and implementing effective corrective and preventive actions timely
  To participate in customer complaint investigation process and ensure that engineering related corrective actions are completed within the agreed timeline.
  Plan and co-ordinate engineering resources, including contractors, for effective plant turnaround to ensure the plant is started-up on schedule.
  Lead and conduct Safety Integrity Level (SIL) study for plant instrumentations and implementing robust mitigation plans.
  Lead and conduct risk assessment for identification of physical /chemical contamination as well as safety concerns (e.g. zero access) and implement robust mitigation plans.
  Carry out plant modifications and other identified plant improvement projects under defined specifications and budget. Ensure that all relevant validations e.g. Installation Qualification (IQ) &amp; Operational Qualification (OQ) are carried out in accordance to approved procedures and standards.
  Provide input to the project team of capital projects, as well as, perform the relevant qualification.
  Contribute to the development of annual Repair and Maintenance (R&amp;M) budget of the section and manage/control cost to meet Operational Expense (OPEX) target.
  Monitor and enforce compliance measures [including EHS, Quality Management System (QMS) and Global Engineering Standards (GES)] within their specific discipline to ensure inspection readiness as well as active participation in an audit, gap analysis and timely closure of identified gaps.  Includes establishing suitable work place risk assessments and adherence to permit-to-work system.
  Provide necessary training and competency assessment to ensure that all technicians under his charge are adequately trained for the job.
  Monitor and track equipment performance using visual control board with leading and lagging indicators and take appropriate actions to improve equipment operating conditions.
  Support the development of Facility Master Plan (FMP) to ensure compliance to engineering standards, management of obsolescence, asset replacement as well as embark capital investments that deliver the most value to the business and maintain a secure source of supply for the site.

Requirements

  Degree / Diploma in Electrical / Instrumentation  Engineering.
  Candidates with relevant experience in the process / pharmaceutical industry is an added advantage.
  Good understanding of local regulatory codes and requirements
  Good understanding of failure modes, effects and criticality analysis (FMECA) and plant reliability programs.
  Effective presentation and communication skills.


We regret that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.

To apply, please click "Apply Now" or visit www.gmprecruit.com and search for job reference: 16412

GMP Technologies (S) Pte Ltd   |   EA Licence: 11C3793   | EA Personnel:  Lim Zi Cheng  |   Registration No: R2089949