Key Responsibilities:

  Installation, configuration and operations support of Windows Server components of a complex IPTV/OTT Solution.
  Creating   detailed MOP (Method of Procedure) documents for planned changes in  customer platform, reviewing and validating MOP internally and with customer to get customer approval.
  Execution MOPs on customer platform during designated maintenance windows (including      nighttime if required).
  Troubleshoot, diagnose, and suggest/perform corrective or preventative maintenance      actions on issues reported by customers. Provide in depth investigation of  critical escalated issues.
  Use and apply Integration and Support processes, policies &amp; tools documentation.
  Maintain high level of customer satisfaction by providing services fully compliant with the SLA.
  Create and maintain customer relationship on a day-to-day basis
  Engage  additional support level within a predefined time frame and collaborate with them, as needed, in order to resolve the issues (internal and external escalations).
  Ensure every customer reported issue is properly documented for tracking purposes      and learning opportunities.
  Ensure time tracking accuracy for cost charging purposes.
  Understand the service metrics, thresholds, and key performance indicators used to govern the ticket resolution process.
  Use the knowledge management tool by searching/creating/updating articles.      
  Proactively share knowledge.

Experience Required:
4 to 8 years of progressive experience as Windows Server integration or support engineer.

Technical Skills:

  ASP,  troubleshooting
  Microsoft  Windows Server 2008, 2012 R2, Active Directory
  Windows  NLB and Redundancy Clustering
  Microsoft  SQL Server 2014
  Microsoft  SCOM &amp; Microsoft SCCM
  HP DL and BL Server
  HP SAN Storage (good to have)
  Windows networking
  Microsoft Hyper-V and SCVMM (good to have)
  Scripting or coding basics (good to have)
  Basic knowledge of HTTP REST architecture
  Basic JSON
  AS2/EDI experience
  Experience with Visual Studio and any light coding adapting to new technologies and adapters (ie.Active Directory Adapter, SAP Adapter, Azure Logic Apps)
  MediaKind Mediaroom Product knowledge (optional)

Detailed and Additional Skills and experience:

  Experience with server hardware, preferably both blades and rack mounted servers. Preference to HP DL* and BL* series, MSA, 3PAR.
  Experience      in Citrix, Microsoft Windows Server, Microsoft SQL Server, SCCM, SCOM,Windows networking.
  Understanding of High availability technologies: network redundancy, server clustering,      RAID
  Know-how on scripting technologies or coding experience is an advantage. Powershell      is preferred.
  Know-how on virtualization technologies, preferably Hyper-V.
