
    COMPANY DESCRIPTION

    As Singapore&rsquo;s leading supermarket retail player and a household name close to all, we have grown with you over the years. It is now your turn to grow an exciting new career and fulfil your aspirations with us. Join us as we embark on a journey to make lives better for our customers, community, environment and employees.
At NTUC FairPrice, we offer you more than just a job. We are committed in giving our employees a rewarding career through comprehensive development opportunities. We promise a wonderful workplace culture with ample opportunities for growth at different levels of your career. Every of our 10,000 employees across Singapore is important.
If the prospect of working in an organization at the forefront of retail technology and innovation excites you, look no further.
Grow your career with us today and make a difference.

    RESPONSIBILITIES

    

Support project manager on day-to-day activities on management of key strategic initiatives &ndash; from project scoping and planning, tracking of deliverables, problem solving on key outstanding items, impact tracking
Provide support on end-to-end sourcing process for key packaged goods categories &ndash; i.e. supplier identification, RFI / RFP preparation, samples gathering and testing, cost bids analysis, specs check, negotiation, award preparation
Provide analytical and insights support to more senior team members in the team &ndash; e.g. market landscape, competitive benchmarking, price / promo analysis, products analysis, budget preparation, etc

 

QUALIFICATIONS
    
Robust understanding, hands-on experience on core project management skills - e.g. project scope planning, task management, milestones tracking, impact reporting
Ability to distill key insights from complex data sets
Understanding on end-to-end new product launch process just like in FMCG setting
Solid understanding and hands-on experience on sourcing and procurement strategy across key packaged goods categories
Greater proficiency in Microsoft Office suite, particularly MS Excel, Power Point
Greater understanding of Grocery Retail industry landscape and operational aspects within private label setting
Ability to multi-task - manage multiple, competing priorities simulateneously
Ability to work with cross-functional stakeholders
Better communication skills
Better commercial judgment in making decision and driving profitable growth for categories


    OTHER INFORMATION
    Work location: Joo Koon (Beside MRT station)
