Sephora SEA seeks to hire a Lead UX/UI (Manager) who possesses a passion for creating great experience and pixel-perfect digital interactions. You will have hands-on responsibility of the experience strategy, user research, interaction design and visual design of our e-commerce platforms across SEA.
Aside from an exceptional eye for details, you should possess a deep appreciation for user research in data analytics, and a solid knowledge of best practices in world class app &amp; website experiences. You must be able to quickly grasp and distil highly complex matters into clean, understandable solutions.
You are proactive in looking for the next set of strategic UX problems and in creating a vision to solve for the same. Leading a lean team of UX/UI designers, your top priorities are to:

  Define and execute UX strategy and vision across all channels,
  Be a hands-on design leader responsible for delivering squad project research and designs,
  Mentor and elevate UX capabilities within your team.

You will be an active driver of product development, and will demonstrate your interaction design, visual design and user experience research skills for a wide range of digital products. You will work closely with colleagues from Engineering, Product and Commercial Teams, in order to drive the rapid evolution of our digital products.
Collaboration and great communication skills are essential, you will be required to present and align with core business units, and be articulate and persuasive about best practices in UX design.
Responsibilities

  Define the overall UX strategy and vision for user experiences across all channels, aligning with our broader business strategies.
  Ensure delivery of high quality UX and UI across multiple projects at any given time, providing oversight and guidance while empowering team members. Oversee the entire UX process from concept to research to prototyping to execution.
  Design leader responsible for co-creating quarterly SHOP squad roadmaps with the Product team, conceptualising and planning project needs, and delivering research and designs.
  Deliver customer experiences that are measurable and drive higher conversion and satisfaction across all digital platforms and products.
  Create measurable KPIs for the team and for individual projects
  Build and maintain productive relationships with cross-functional teams spanning all organizational levels, working collaboratively with other teams.
  Clearly communicate design, research findings and customer insights to cross-functional teams and senior leadership.
  Manage and mentor junior UX/UI designers.

Requirements

  6+ years of progressive responsibility within UX/UI design, with people management and mentoring experience.
  Strong leadership, strategic thinking and practical organizational planning skills.
  Expertise across core aspects of user experience, from UX strategy, experience/interaction design, user research/assessment, prototyping, A/B testing, visual design and user adoption.
  Experience in application of qualitative and quantitative research methods.
  Strong knowledge of web and mobile technologies, and their impact on design feasibility.
  Knowledge of design and prototyping tools, such as Sketch, Invisionapp, Adobe CC and other wireframing tools.
  Knowledge in web development languages such as HTML/JS/CSS/SQL is a plus.
  Knowledge in maintaining a Design System and Research Repository is a plus.

Personal Attributes

  Compelling presentation skills to build inspiring visual stories and articulate design decisions.
  Superior communication, relationship-building, and negotiation skills within cross-functional teams and senior stakeholders.
  Enjoys problem-solving and is inventive.
  Collaborative and enjoys working with others to achieve &nbsp;success.
  Open-minded and experimental.
