1. Traineeship Description
This position reports directly to the management and work as part of the company’s consulting team. At YNL 360 Pte Ltd (Stendard), we believe that quality is everyone’s business because it takes a team to consistently deliver and uphold great standards that build confidence with customers, partners and the community. We are a regulatory consultancy and technology company that helps businesses implement international standards, streamline business processes across the organisation, and accelerate global growth. Our vision is to put quality at the centre of your business and make it easier.
2. Specific Responsibilities
Business Development

  Use prospecting strategies to lead initial outreach to prospects.
  Identify the needs and challenges of the prospective customer.
  Determine the prospect's interest in Stendard’s product and services.
  Schedule meetings for sales representatives if lead is warm.
  Achieve activities per day/week/month set together with the management.

Respond to enquiries from online chat

  First contact point for enquiry.
  Responding to enquiries based on FAQ.
  Schedule meetings for sales representatives if lead is warm.
  Continuously track and develop FAQ list.

Product Development / Marketing support

  Work closely with product development team on the competitive positioning and the feature set.
  Work closely with marketing for developing the most productive definition of the value proposition, identification of the most effective communication channels and the most cost/effective lead generation process.

3. Competencies

  Active participation in meetings with the Management and team to plan marketing strategy and execution, as well as e-learning courses roll-out.
  Learn to be a project manager and handle tight timeline and deliverables.
  Learn to determine and recommend the appropriate channels to perform effective lead generation and lead nurturing activities.
  Part of the exciting team to translate market feedback and learning into new Stendard Solution™ software offering/features as continuous innovation.

4. Education Qualifications Required for the Traineeship Role

  University Degree

5. Eligibility Criteria for SGUnitedTraineeships:

  Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident; and
  Graduated or graduating in calendar year 2019 or 2020 from ITEs, polytechnics, universities, or other educational institutions (e.g. private universities and overseas institutions); or
  Graduated earlier from above institutions and completed National Service in 2019 or 2020.
