We are seeking a leader who is excited by the unique challenges at the intersection of online safety and freedom of expression to join our team. Are you passionate about implementing creative solutions in privacy, trust, content policy, online safety, or similar areas? If so, please join us!
Who We Are
The teams in Twitter’s Trust &amp; Safety department are on the front lines of safety, expression, and policy issues that affect the Internet. We work to ensure user trust, protect user rights, and mitigate legal risk through policy definition, Terms of Service enforcement, and safety advocacy. Site Policy team members focus on safety, cybercrime, and identity policy areas. We innovate, experiment, and move quickly. We’re a learning organization with a growth mindset, and we’re always looking for ways to improve our policies, processes, and ourselves.
What You’ll Do
As the Site Policy Manager, you will be the most senior team member in the region responsible for knowing Twitter's policies and representing them internally and externally. With your leadership, your team will address APAC-specific needs while remaining aligned and working collaboratively with the global team.
You will:

  Manage a high-performing, multidisciplinary team responsible for writing and implementing policy and safety solutions for Twitter’s Safety and Cybercrime Policy teams in Singapore.
  Strengthen the team through direct mentoring, diligent hiring, and a comprehensive staff development plan.
  Provide guidance on complex, high-visibility cases and projects in the APAC timezone.
  On behalf of the APAC team, provide strategic direction for the global Site Policy team’s short- and long-term objectives and key results (OKRs).
  Become well-versed in our policies and be able to represent the team with partner departments including Legal, Public Policy, Twitter Service, and Communications in APAC, and create opportunities for your team members to do the same.
  You will report directly to the T&amp;S Site Lead in Singapore and closely collaborate with Site Policy leadership in San Francisco.

Who You Are

  You are an experienced manager passionate about building culture and establishing processes to empower a high-performing team.
  You have direct experience with content policy (including developing, implementing or briefing stakeholders on it).
  You have geopolitical knowledge of APAC markets and have spent time thinking about the ways in which users in APAC interact online.
  You facilitate critical conversations with ease; you have no trouble working with and balancing the (at times) competing priorities of multiple teams operating in different countries.
  You are flexible, motivated, dedicated, and hard-working. You actively recognize needs, anticipate issues, and develop solutions.
  You build and cultivate healthy relationships with partners and keep teammates informed and engaged.
  You are open to international travel and have an appreciation and respect for the norms of cultures other than your own.

Basic Requirements

  6-8+ years of relevant experience (with 3+ years of management experience) including familiarity with content policy and a consistent record of team development.
  Prior experience in a managerial/leadership role in a globally distributed team.

This is a full-time position.
Note: Exposure to sensitive or graphic content including but not limited to vulgar language, violent threats, pornography, and other graphic images