Hustle &amp; Bustle is an integrated brand experience agency that champions ground-breaking ‘firsts’. &nbsp;A one-stop-shop, with a complete suite of solutions encompassing from branding and digital marketing to technological solutions and virtual/hybrid engagement, we pride ourselves on creating memories as we listen and adjust to individual client needs.

We are searching for a Marketing &amp; Communications Manager to lead our PR &amp; Marketing team.&nbsp;
In this position, you’ll use a combination of creative thinking and practical industry knowledge to deliver promotional campaigns to increase brand awareness for clients and our company. You must have the requisite social/digital media skills as well as growth tracking, ROI, web-related data analysis to ensure that these campaigns are successfully implemented and executed. This is a highly collaborative position so excellent teamwork and communication skills are vital; you should be comfortable communicating with your teammates and partners.
Two to three years’ experience in Public relations and/or Marketing, either in-house or with an agency, is preferred.

Responsibilities:

  Write and edit compelling copy for press releases and newsletter
  Develop campaign communications calendar to ensure timely execution
  Orchestrating digital content strategies across all online platforms
  Design and oversee all aspects of our marketing department including corporate database, email and advertising campaigns.
  Plan and manage our social media platforms with necessary project campaigns.
  Develop and monitor campaign budgets with ROI value
  Identify the latest trends and technologies affecting our entertainment industry.
  Oversee and manage all contest, giveaways and promotional activities
  Organizing press conferences, press events and fielding media queries
  Pitching refreshing and creative article ideas to the media and social influencers for coverage and traction&nbsp;
  Preparation of media kits, coordinate media personnel and social influencers RSVPs and be the onsite liaison for them during internal and client events
  Prep and brief the photography and videography team onsite for live event coverage
  Follow up with relevant post-event activations and news coverage archival.
