About Standard Chartered 
We are a leading international bank focused on helping people and companies prosper across Asia, Africa and the Middle East.  
To us, good performance is about much more than turning a profit.  It's about showing how you embody our valued behaviours - do the right thing, better together and never settle - as well as our brand promise, Here for good. 
We're committed to promoting equality in the workplace and creating an inclusive and flexible culture - one where everyone can realise their full potential and make a positive contribution to our organisation. This in turn helps us to provide better support to our broad client base.

The Role Responsibilities
Business Overview
Global Research provides Institutional Research content to corporations, governments and financial institutions. The team comprises of ~80 sales professionals located in over 13 countries and is strongly positioned across the footprint to inform, advise and partner with clients across the macroeconomic, fixed income, currency and commodity disciplines.
Job Purpose
To support the COO Global Research and Head of Global Research in developing and executing the Global Research business model.
To define, own and drive the strategic change agenda for the Economic Research business.
To own the operational, governance and cost management processes for Economic Research, ensuring effective systems and controls exist. 
Primary Duties and Responsibilities
Take end-to-end ownership of the following duties with respect to the Research business with a specific focus on the Economic research function:
Strategy
Define and establish the strategic business model for Economic Research
Implement and track a range of strategic and tactical initiatives to ensure that Research meets its current and future business objectives
Communicate the future operating model, change agenda and current business issues with key stakeholders
Business Management
Financial management
Ensure that Research operates within its budgeted direct cost
Support the end-to-end budgeting processes for the business
Drive prioritisation of investment spend
Oversee all vendor management, invoice approval, cost management, delegated authority etc
Infrastructure, Operational Risk &amp; Compliance
Ensure that Research fully adheres to the appropriate frameworks and procedures within research for monitoring, identifying, assessing, and managing operational risks
Ensure that effective systems and controls exist within Research to satisfy all regulatory requirements
Act as (end-to-end) business owner by managing relationships with infrastructure areas, compliance and technology
Business capacity planning
Via effective capacity planning ensure that sufficient human resources exist to meet the business objectives.
Communication and culture
Drive through cultural change, consistent with the strategic ambition of the Bank and the broader Global Research business
Technology Innovation / business growth agenda
To support the technology, people and change agendas required to execute the Global Research strategy.
Our Ideal Candidate
A highly entrepreneurial, dedicated and motivated individual is required to be successful in this role.
Deep understanding of Standard Chartered internal processes and operating model.
Experience managing regulatory deliverables with direct engagement with regulators is preferred.
Strong financial management and data skills.
Ideally prior experience of managing and developing a high performing globally distributed team.
Strong interpersonal and stakeholder management skills and able to build strong working relationship and influence across all levels in the organization, including senior leadership teams.
Highly effective oral and written communication skills, with an ability to influence and to gain the respect of senior stakeholders and peers.
University degree essential and post-graduate qualification in management preferred.

Apply now to join the Bank for those with big career ambitions. To view information on our benefits including our flexible working please visit our career pages.
How to Apply
Please visit - https://scb.taleo.net/careersection/ex/jobdetail.ftl?job=2000006063&amp;lang=en  to apply now and take the next step in fulfilling your potential.
You can search and view current opportunities across our global organisation and apply immediately by visiting www.standardchartered.com. 
To help speed up your application, please note the following:
•	You will need to log in (or register if you are visiting our careers site for the first time) before you can apply for a specific role
•	Some roles may require you to undertake an online talent assessment in addition to completing the application form (to facilitate this process it is preferable that you provide us with an email address as part of your contact information)
•	We will ask you about your education, career history and skills and experience, it may be helpful to have this information at hand when completing your application
It usually takes 15 - 20 minutes to complete the application form; you can save your application at any time and return to complete it at your convenience.
Diversity &amp; Inclusion 
Standard Chartered is committed to diversity and inclusion. We believe that a work environment which embraces diversity will enable us to get the best out of the broadest spectrum of people to sustain strong business performance and competitive advantage. By building an inclusive culture, each employee can develop a sense of belonging, and have the opportunity to maximise their personal potential.

