We are looking for an individual who can manage a dual role of Marketing at a regional level and Country Manager to manage our growing business in Myanmar, both on a day to day and strategic long-term basis.
As a Vice President Marketing, you will work on growth strategies that include trajectory of growth within OTT and therein the opportunities.

Brand positioning and PR activities at a regional level to build strong, top of mind recall for the Viu brand. &nbsp;Identify user management and enrichment strategies, evaluate avenues of monetization existing and future within the OTT space and identify distribution modules for emerging markets to be more relevant in the future.
As Country Manager, Myanmar the roles includes full P&amp;L ownership and the main objective is to deliver profitable growth and continue to ensure that is Viu the number one choice for everyone who enjoys watching movies or shows on the digital platform.
 
 As the Country Manager for Viu for Myanmar, you will lead a local team &nbsp;and remote team of 10 – 15 employees and operate across content acquisition, publishing, production, sales and marketing. An important part of your role is to develop the team, and make sure that all members excel in their roles and contribute to the international success of Viu.
 
 A major part of your responsibility will be within sales, marketing and business development. You will make sure we spend our marketing budget wisely and develop new local partnerships, as well as maintain and optimize existing ones, with the aim to increase brand awareness and grow the customer base.
 
You will be part of an international set of Country Managers with whom you will exchange ideas and share knowledge on a regular basis.

As Vice President Marketing, you will work with management on the strategies of Viu in general across 16 markets.

This role has a dual reporting to Chief Strategy Officer for Marketing and Strategy and Chief Business Officer Asia for the marketing and country role respectively.

We Are Looking For a Person That Has

  A university degree within business, marketing or similar;
  A broad business background with several years of experience in leading positions within a B2C company preferably within digital services, subscription services and/or media company;
  Deep knowledge of the media tech and media landscape, in order to successfully apply a cutting-edge approach to growth marketing;
  Experience from working in a start up or scaleup environment, and understanding of relevant challenges and opportunities as well as non-hierarchical can-do culture;
  Good communication and negotiation skills;
  Strong leadership skills and ability to motivate employees;
  Worked in leadership roles in the OTT setup at a regional level.
  A minimum of 2 years of experience in managing Myanmar as a market.

We are looking for a person with entrepreneurial experience. This can either be from driving a local business in a larger corporation, with deep understanding of how to marry global know-how with local context, or from building and driving an own business successfully. In addition to strong business focus, strategic mindset and sharp negotiation skills, we are also looking for a warm heart.

What We Can Offer

Viu offers a friendly, entrepreneurial and fast-moving work environment where new ideas and creativity are welcomed. We like doing things in new ways and questioning old truths. The Viu culture – characterized by being welcoming and helpful – is important to us. We don’t believe in hierarchy and micromanagement, but we highly believe in giving responsibility and letting people grow with it.

The role is full time, based in Singapore.