Get to know our Team:
When you are an engineer at Grab, you are part of the heart and soul of the company. Our passion is anchored in the work that we do, and this is reflected in the impact we made on millions of lives on a daily basis. Our highly international and innovative teams are empowered to create amazing services and tools that serve millions of users and merchants. As an engineering leader, you strive for quality and are responsible for setting the strategy for your respective function and the development of roadmaps.
Focus of the role:
Grab Financial Group is building a product team to its own custom payment gateway/payment processing system. Some of the key objectives of this team are to build tokenizing capability for credit cards, holding of tokens (our own and gateway’s), routing of transactions to different payment processors, etc.
The Head of Engineering will lead a team of engineers and work with product managers to realise the engineering ambitions of the largest payment company in Asia.
Get to know the Role:

  As the Head of Engineering for our payment gateway, you will be at the center of our efforts to build a scalable payments processing platform. You will work closely with Payments Product Management, Business and clients to architect, design, and develop software solutions for payment processing.
  You put ‘Grab before self’ and make thought-through decisions in the organization’s best interest.
  You drive your teams forward by being objective and supportive, as well as raising the bar continuously by striving for the great delivery and code quality.
  You will grow your teams by thoughtful planning, strategic decision making and use your eye for talent to hire the best engineers and engineering managers.
  You will hold accountability for your respective team(s) and product(s).
  You will develop your teams by promoting intellectual rigor, identifying skill gaps and providing training where required.
  You will manage and execute against projects and delivery commitments, and develop our mobile strategy and roadmap.
  You will manage the day-to-day activities of the engineering teams within an Agile/Scrum environment.
  You will collaborate with the business and product teams to achieve Grab’s goals and growth. If you don’t see others’ problems as your problem, you will not thrive here.

The must haves:

  10+ years of relevant experience in software product engineering and strategy, preferably working in payment gateways/payment processors (integrating with other payment gateways and enabling various electronic payment technologies) to process online, mobile, and point-of-sale payments on a single platform, via card and alternatives. Experience working for a start-up or scale-up is preferred.
  6+ years of experience leading large teams of engineers and driving large-scale projects and products, in collaboration with product, design and commercial teams, to succeed.
  Demonstrates a deep understanding of the payments domain and the different aspects of payment processing.
  Experienced in back-end, architecture and infrastructure, web services.
  You have very strong business acumen and are therefore driven to deliver an optimal user experience.
  Have a track record of designing, developing and implementing complex, low-latency, highly available backend systems
  Strong communication skills and can act as an advisor, coach, mentor, and partner all at the same time.
  A degree in computer science, software engineering, information technology or have a similar experience.
