The Wealth Management Institute (WMI) (http://wmi.ntu.edu.sg/AboutUs/Pages/AboutWMI.aspx) is an autonomous institute at the Nanyang Technological University Singapore. WMI is a practice-based education and research institute with programmes deeply integrated and aligned to serve the needs of the asset and wealth management industry.  Appointed as the Lead Training Provider for Private Banking by the Institute of Banking and Finance Singapore and supported by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, it focuses on the continuing education of professionals through its Master of Science in Asset &amp; Wealth Management degree programme and professional certification programmes. With over 13,000 enrolment in 2019, it offers a wide suite of programmes covering topics from investment products, portfolio allocation and management, reserve management, wealth and estate planning, risk management, FinTech and family office.

Job Description

Reporting to the Director, Business Development, this is a Programme Manager role which has responsibilities for organizing and running of programmes and assessments for WMI’s key clients across private banking, consumer banking and insurance. This client facing role is a key contact point for our key clients’ L&amp;D team, trainers, assessors and participants.

  Take lead in managing each programme from end-to-end and ensure timely and successful delivery of the programme.
  Work closely with clients, trainers and assessors to schedule each programme and for key clients under custom programmes, to incorporate agreed specific requests or preferences.
  Overall in charge of all pre and post programme administration, including but not limited to:
  Working with admin team to review and finalise training materials and logistics.
  Liaise with client to confirm training schedule, participant numbers and details.
  Enroll students and upload programme schedule and registration details into the training management system.
  Ensure all pre-programme matters are done correctly and on time, such as online learning, pre-reading materials(if any) etc.
  Evaluate and share training effectiveness, post training, with Director.
  Manage, schedule and conduct all assessments.
  Issue invoice and certificates to clients and participants
  Be present and fully engaged with participants and trainers, as well as gathering feedback from participants on the session and trainer to feedback to Director.
  Be able to manage and address any unexpected issues to ensure each session runs smoothly.
  Support Director in meeting the required revenue and direct costs within the assigned budget. P&amp;L and budget.
  Liaise with L&amp;D and participants for all information and decisions needed before the programme, during the programme and after the programme. This may be, but not limited to, funding, certification, attendance, pre-reading materials, assessments and re-tests, training feedback etc.


Requirements

  Around 4 to 6 years of total working experience with at least 1 to 2 years in a learning &amp; development role and/or possessing direct experience in managing, planning and running programmes in a financial or training institution.
  Able to work independently and possess strong scheduling and organization skills with a good eye for details.
  Degree in any discipline.
  Confident in speaking to various stakeholders, including L&amp;D executives, trainers and participants on a one-to-one basis as well as in a public/ group setting.
  Have good situational awareness and comfortable in handling unexpected issues, changes and requests during a programme.
  Excellent oral and written communication skills in English
  Open to running programmes occasionally outside Singapore, in the Asia region.
  Strong proficiency in MS Office (Powerpoint, Excel, Word) and versatile in handling other software related to training and student management systems.
  Possess a positive attitude and energy, able to carry oneself well with strong EQ and people skills.


Apply at NTU career portal:
https://ntu.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/NTUOne-North-Campus-Singapore/Assistant-Manager_R00000902-1