As an Account Manager for the Creative Services team, you will be the main point of contact for advertisers utilizing the program. If you love playing games, brainstorming new creative concepts, and giving your clients top notch customer service, then this is the perfect role for you!

Key responsibilities will be building relationships, understanding your clients game/app
from a creative perspective by engaging with it on a regular basis, brainstorming creative
briefs based on their priorities, meeting with your clients and working cross-functionally
internally with our sales, account management, creative, design, and partnerships teams. To be successful in this role, you should have top-notch interpersonal skills along with a strong interest in client service. This role reports directly to our Director of Partnerships.

Responsibilities

  Serve as main point of contact for your advertisers (mainly large gaming studios and brands), utilizing strategic thinking to manage customer requests and/or issues as they come up.
  Manage creative pipeline production with our creative teams at all stages and deliver to client on a specific pre-determined timeline
  Engage with your client’s game/apps/brands regularly, play through the user flow, understand the creative dynamics and come prepared to meetings with creative concepts to propose.
  Establish and maintain strong relationships through regular calls, in person meetings and serve as an expert on your client’s product/priorities.
  Proactively work with your clients to help achieve their marketing and creative goals, help investigate technical issues, and create a strong feedback loop between your advertiser and our internal teams.
  Analyze and provide critical feedback and suggestions on creative content. Improve processes and workflows at start up.
  Your clients will be leveraging their creative on platforms such as Facebook, Google, Snap and a number of other mobile networks.

Qualifications:

  3+ year of experience is a plus but not required
  Excited to be part of a quickly growing team with a self-motivated attitude
  Great teamwork and organizational skills, including strong communication, a
  proactive attitude, and an embedded drive for results.
  An interest in creative design, mobile gaming and creative thinking.
  Ability to work in a fast-paced, hands-on, demanding start-up environment
  Naturally curious problem solver who enjoys thinking outside of the box when it comes to problem solving
