Role Description
The lead Business Intelligence consultant is a pro-active Business consultant, providing project management, demand management and operative support to the business partners using our Business Intelligence Solutions and data sets in the APAC region.
The consulting and support covers Front-end visualization tools, domain architecture and the backend data set support. May also provide program management services; through ongoing consultation with business clients, the Consultant identifies, challenges and develops business needs, shapes and develops scope and requirements, and champions innovative process changes and/or technology-enabled solutions. The consultant leads and manages the projects from local/small to Global/big. which is from beginning to end, includes defining project scope and deliverables that support business goals and strategies.
Serve as a responsible business partner in assigned area. Take responsibility for business intelligence solutions and provide maintenance, optimization and innovation for implemented and/or assigned systems.

Business Consultancy/Customer facing:
With Strong stakeholder management skills, plays a pivotal role in influencing Business intelligence related business decisions through a consistent and direct engagement of business at all levels in multiple business units. Demonstrates a thorough understanding of multiple business teams, including all business processes, and the interactions between these business domains. Consistently influences through an acknowledged recognition of business needs and corresponding business intelligence opportunities. Communicates with stakeholders in business terms. Independently proposes new and improved business processes, championing innovation where possible. Need strong business acumen/knowledge.

Project Management/Program Management: 
With supervision, plans, organizes and oversees resources to achieve the goals and objectives of business intelligence projects according to defined business intelligence target architecture. Addresses all other aspects of the IT Business Partnering Project Manager role.

Demand Management:
Performs as a liaison function between the business and IT. In close partnership with key business stakeholders, matches and with supervision, prioritizes demands on IT projects and services to maximize value to the business.

Domain Architecture: 
Based on a thorough understanding of all processes within a Business domain, analyzes, defines and documents the relationship of all systems and services that support this domain. Identifies and with supervision, proposes improvements to individual Business intelligence systems or services, to business and business processes. With supervision, influences business clients and BIAA colleagues on Application Landscape decisions that drive the implementation of the proposed domain improvements. Demonstrates all other aspects of the BIAA Business Partnering Domain Architect role.

Front-end Visualization tools: 
Broad knowledge of front-end tools is essential, work closely with Visual Analytics services team (VAS) in Defining, align and provide services to business users to efficiently apply Visual Analytics tools. Scout / Evaluate / propose new front-end technology available in the market along with VAS team. Able to answer most of the questions raised by the business on Front-end visualization tools

Back-end technologies: 
understand and acquire board knowledge of data sets/data warehouse across all BIAA teams. Works closely with Data management services team to proactively scout &amp; propose for new data sets, which can help analytical, use cases, Able to answer most of the questions raised by the business on backend dataset/data warehouses

Interfaces: 
Extensive collaboration with business clients, local and regional external partner and other IT functions and external business collaborate agencies (technical and creative). Must simultaneously manage external partners during project execution.

Required skills

  Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Computer Science or Engineering, preferably in a quantitative field with 6-10 years of Experience in Business Intelligence.
  Excellent overview of the entire Business Intelligence Market, current players and trends.
  Strong Project management skills &amp; Experience required. (PMI/SCRUM Certification added advantage)
  3 – 6 years of with extensive experience in BI Dashboard and ETL (extract, transform, load) development.
  Strong knowledge in data architecture, ETL, data warehouse, database technology (Informatica, Oracle, Cognos, SQL Server, DB2, etc.)
  Strong  knowledge/experience in Front end visualization tools, Tableau, QlikView, Power BI, Cognos etc
  Strong influencing and communication skills.
  Self-motivated and able to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment.
  Good time management and ability to prioritize tasks and work within deadlines.
  Able to work independently with minimum supervision.
