Role and Responsibilities

  The Solutions/Enterprise Data Architect configures and implements information technology architecture solutions for internal and/or external clients.
  Applies highlydeveloped specialist knowledge and skills to analyse the functionality and constraints of recommended architecture solution across multiple systems, platforms and applications.
  Responsible for analysing and translating architectural blueprints into a compatible, interoperable, stable and usable solution that meets business requirements.
  Collaborates with other departments on solutions implementations
  Adopts an analytical approach in developing innovative solutions to meet business requirements.
  Enjoys working in a team setting to implement solutions in the digital space effectively
  Develop understanding of client requirements.
  Liaise with clients to determine requirements and define the scope of a project.
  Develop understanding of client's system specifications, work practices and the nature of business Develop business • Develop a solution concept design to align with the enterprise architecture and to fulfil the business requirements
  Lead the technical solution design and delivery of architecture blueprints
  Analyse impact of a solution on client’s overall business processes and systems to mitigate business risks
  Recommend adoption of new technologies and applications to initiate enhanced solutions
  Foster continuous improvement by looking for ways to improve the design processes, models and approach Design solutions architecture
  Support risk identification and development of risk mitigation strategies associated with the solution implementation
  Perform systems modelling, simulation, and analysis to ensure the soundness of the solutions, Implement solutions
  Develop technical roadmaps for solutions implementations.
  Lead end-to-end technical testing and implementation of solutions
  Drive compatibility, interoperability, stability and usability of recommended solution architecture
  Support client with resolving technical integration issues

Requirements:

  Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field, although consideration will be given to experience and certifications in lieu of degree
  The successful candidate must be able to analyze poorly defined problems, articulate the recommended solution and rationale, anticipate stakeholder concerns and obtain buy-in
  Minimum 8 years of relevant working experience
  Demonstrated leadership in at least two architecture domains. Examples of domains: business process, mobile, online, batch, integration, analytics, security, infrastructure.
  Experience in health care information systems would be highly regarded but not essential
  Experience with IT transformation or execution of multi-year IT road maps is an advantage.
