HDT Singapore Taxi Pte Ltd #SGUnitedJobs
Transport Specialist
Purpose of Position

  Able to legally drive a Taxi in Singapore
  Possess Good Customer Service Skills
  Neat and tidy appearance
  Enjoy driving
  Observe Safe Driving habits
  Understand simple Car maintenance
  Attend Company meetings and Events
  Work closely with Operations Team in planning, updates and feedback of schedules
  Ensure timely arrival in picking up passengers
  Maintain cleanliness and safety conditions of Taxi
  Adhere to traffic regulations and rules
  Any other tasks and assignments given by superior.
  Able to handle Cash and show a high sense of Integrity

Specific Responsibilities

A. Timely Rides

  Ensure all jobs are completed according to expected standard.
  Ensure low cancellation of assigned Rides.
  Ensure good housekeeping in the Vehicle.

B. Excellent Customer Service

  Ensure excellent service is extended to the Passengers who board the Taxi. Any feedback shall be taken seriously and resolved in the shortest possible time.
  Ensure to use the Shortest possible Route for the Journey.

C. Workplace Safety &amp; Health (WSH) &amp; Environmental Management System (EMS)

  To comply with relevant statutory requirements and in-house rules and regulations.
  To comply with all Traffic regulations and drive safely.
  To follow the LTA requirements for safe distancing and hygiene
  To maintain a healthy lifestule.

D.   Others

  Ensure that activities relating to the function comply with Company’s policies and procedures as well as relevant Ethical Standards, Legal requirements.
  Return all the Lost properties found in the Taxi to the Call-Centre and if money or IC is found return to Police Station and make report.
  Undertake any other duties as assigned.

Company Sponsorship:
       HDT Sponsorship - Mid-Career Conversion Program 
This Program is able to provide Re-emburesement of Fees which include : 
LTA Registeration
Medical Examination Fee 
Course and Medical Fee ( not claimed under skills credit ) .
Sponsorship Program duration : 6 Months.  

Job Specification
Educational Level     :  Minimum D7 on GCE O/N Levels – L3 in English on WPL /  
                                         any local diploma / degree
Driving License         :   Class 3/3A , TDVL ( Refer to Others)
Vocational License   :  TDVL (Taxi Drivers Vocational License (TDVL)       
                                      valid at the time of Registration, except for those           
                                       applying under sponsorship program).
Language                   :  English, more local languages are desirable
Experience                :  At least 1 years in relevant industry Preferable