Digital Marketing Campaign Management &amp; Optimization:

  Execute manage performance marketing campaigns on a daily basis, across various digital media channels, mainly focus in social media (Facebook, Instagram), Google Ads and ad-tech networks.
  Optimize digital marketing campaign performance and paid marketing budget to drive user acquisition, engagement and revenue for gumi’s online games.
  Assist in digital media partner evaluation, to improve user acquisition strategy and ensure marketing budget efficiency.
  Collaborate with internal creative team to generate compelling creatives that are based on campaign performance and audience insights.
  Support on new initiatives and A/B testing to improve efficiency in user acquisition and maximize ROI.
  Collaborate with product team to define, measure and improve key business metrics.
  Marketing Data Management:
  Gather campaign performance data from different internal and external sources, present it in a consistent, transparent and easily-understanding way to enable data-driven decision making.
  Interface with various departments within the company to improve data quality and comparability.
  Campaign Reporting:
  Provide full transparency into campaigns on a constant and pro-active basis.
  Research and present information by collecting, analysing, and summarising data and trends. Keep yourself and the company ahead of the curve on new technologies and methodologies.

Qualifications:

  Passion for games!
  Minimum of 2 years’ experience in digital marketing in a similar role (paid social ads, Google ads, marketing campaign planning and execution).
  Strong understanding of online advertising metrics (CPI, CPA, CTR, CVR, CPC, ROAS, ROI, LTV).
  Knowledge of performance marketing in online gaming industry or mobile app marketing will be a big plus but not necessary.
  Strong data analytics skills, a good sense of numbers, a detail-oriented mindset.
  Able to work independently as well as part of a team. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with time management skills and multi-tasking skills.
