Eager to take the next step in your career at a Top notch MNC, we want to hear from you!
Our client is an established brand in the Information Technology who is now looking for a passionate and driven PAM Engineer to execute security operations processes.
This is an exciting opportunity to expand your skill set, achieve job satisfaction and work-life balance.
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

  Perform Privilege Access Management functions including
  Vaulting and maintain privileged accounts in Cyberark.
  Manage all types of activities associated with privileged access and identities such as PSM and CPM.
  Perform User and Privilege Access Administration functions.
  Provision and de-provision for onboard, off-board, transfer cases and adhoc user changes.
  Implement self-service for Password Reset and ID Unlock.
  Implement and Support the Identity Access Management solutions.
  Manage applications and coordinate systems integration.
  Perform user administration on all applications, such as Active Directory, web-based applications, thick client applications, etc.
  Grant application function access/role to users based on duly authorized requests.
  Maintain the function permissions in role and check for segregation of duties (SOD) conflicts.
  Develop procedures to maintain access security and protect systems from unauthorized use, acts of nature and user abuse.
  Perform Recertification of IDs and Accesses.
  Initiate user access recertification on a regular basis to ensure no obsolete account or excessive access granted.
  Involve in Projects which include managing vendor, testing, implementation support, etc.
  Ensure all security solutions are working and comply with policy and procedures.
  Respond and remediate timely on any service outages with customer satisfaction as priority.
  Operate independently and accomplish engineering and operation tasks within the agreed timeline.

REQUIREMENTS


  Diploma/ Bachelor's Degree in IT / Computer Science / Computing or related field.
  Minimum of 2 years’ in Cyberark hands-on experience.
  Knowledge of managing OS IDs, Unix and AD ID administration
  Knowledge of SailPoint or other Identity Access Management solution will be highly advantageous.
  An understanding of information security, network management, operating systems, software development, database systems and information technology is beneficial.
  Proficient using Microsoft office suite

WHAT’S ON OFFER
You will be remunerated with an excellent base salary and entitled to attractive company benefits. Additionally, you will get the opportunity to enjoy a fun and collaborative work environment, alongside a strong career progression.
To submit your application, please apply online or email your UPDATED CV in Microsoft Word format to saridha@aven-sys.com and keerthana@aven-sys.com. Your interest will be treated with strict confidentiality.
CONSULTANT DETAILS
Consultant Name : Saridha Sekar
Reg No. : R1325954
Avensys Consulting Pte Ltd 
EA Licence 12C5759
Privacy Statement: Data collected will be used for recruitment purposes only. Personal data provided will be used strictly in accordance with the relevant data protection law and Avensys' privacy policy.