Responsible for the preparation of piping material specifications/requisitions, and piping vendor quotation evaluations/verifications. He/She will also be responsible for reviewing piping engineering progress against approved schedule, for evaluating changes and taking corrective action when required, for providing technical guidance, and for organizing, executing and coordinating these responsibilities to ensure timely completion and meets project schedule and budget.
Duties &amp; Responsibilities:

  To study ITB, project and design basis such as scope of work, overall project schedule, basic design data, client specification and regulation.
  To prepare line index, Material summary (BM/BQ).
  To prepare piping material requirement summary, piping class summary table, basic piping material specification and execution procedure for piping material handling.
  To conduct mechanical calculations e.g. Pipe wall thickness and branch reinforcement strength calculation etc.
  To check and review piping material specification (line classes), specifications/requisitions for bulk and special piping components, vendor quotation evaluations and verifications of vendor documents and piping material take-off prepared by engineers for compliance to project standards or specifications, applicable codes, contract requirements, quality standards and accepted engineering and construction practices.
  To check and review the SPRD/PDS database based on the relevant piping material specification and datasheets.
  To carry out engineering support work during the construction phase of the project.
  To perform other tasks that may be assigned by the Department Manager and Lead Piping Engineer.

=Requirements:

  Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering.
  Minimum five years in the field of piping engineering involving piping material specification and requisition preparation or detailed design
  In Oil &amp; Gas, FPSO

Skill Requirements:

  Ability to use computer equipment and peripherals to carry out routine computing tasks.
  Basic Knowledge of AutoCAD/CAD Pipe and Micro station 2D CAD.
  Basic knowledge of 3D Modeling through Naviswork, Smart Plant Review or related software.
  Ability to apply mathematical concepts in piping calculations such as exponents, logarithms, trigonometric functions, quadratic equations and other applicable formulas.
  Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from clients and ability to write effective minutes of meeting and other related business communications.
  Strong leadership qualities and analytical and reasoning abilities.
  Ability to read, analyze, and interpret common technical information, contracts reports and instructions.
