Lead Consultant, System

 Perform daily monitoring, maintenance, and troubleshooting of backup jobs on platforms (MS Active Directory, Exchange, Oracle, SQL Server, Windows, VMware, and UNIX servers).
 Manage and support Storage systems, including vulnerability remediation, capacity management, configuration management, provisioning and zoning of new servers using SAN switches.
 Analyse backup software performance accordingly to meet client needs and monitoring of scheduled backups to ensure success or take remedial action for failures
 Provide backup system data statistics to management.
 Perform regular DR (Disaster Recovery) test plan of backup data restoration and storage replication availability.
 Monitor usage and performance of storage and perform capacity planning for storage growth to management.
 Manage storage and backup changes through change request process &amp; provide status reports to the relevant parties.
 Respond promptly to incident, investigate &amp; provide temporary &amp;/or permanent resolution of incidents escalated. Provide timely status updates to relevant parties.
 Monitor the agreed service level, document &amp; maintain the configuration of the systems; provide regular reporting to relevant parties.
 Ensure service levels meet requirements. Propose and implement action plan when required.
 Expected to work during off-peak hours on system activities (e.g. patching, upgrade)
 Identify, research, and resolve technical problems
 Be able to effectively operate within set guidelines, policies and procedures, and able to execute instructions with minimal supervision
 24x7 Operations Support


The ideal candidate should possess:
 Degree in Computer Information system or related field
 Preferred knowledge in EMC Networker / EMC Data Domain / VEEAM
 Proficient in storage and backup
 3 - 5 years relevant working experience (Preferably in Business Continuity Planning / Disaster Recovery )
Working knowledge in Veritas NetBackup / EMC ISILON / EMC VMAX / EMC POWERMAX would be good but not a must.