Position Summary:

Building strong rapport with business users, you will be involved in conducting requirements analysis, system implementation, and training and providing on-going application support. The appreciation and understanding of hospital processes will be key for your success in this role. You will be a critical resource to address any system downtime through providing 24/7 application support to your users

Role and Responsibilities

  Provide on-going application support and be involved in various stages of the SDLC.
  Manage the vendor selection process (calling, evaluation and awarding of tenders).
  Conduct user requirement analysis for the development / implementation of new systems and for enhancements to existing systems, including involvement in the system integration testing phase.
  Evaluate potential solutions, change management and make recommendations to resolve business problems.
  Prepare and deliver functional specifications, perform application configuration, unit testing, functional testing, documentation and coordinate user acceptance testing.
  Liaise closely with business users and build good rapport.
  Liaise closely with vendors/or IT teams in project implementation, engage key users and support personnel in pre/post deployment process in accordance with project methodologies and policies.
  Manage a team by monitoring the work progress to meet project requirements for medium to large projects.
  Provide 24/7 primary application maintenance support.

Requirements

  Diploma/ Degree in Computer Science/ Computer Engineering or IT equivalent.
  Minimum 10-12 years experience with at least 3 years’ experience in programming, design and system analysis.
  Good technical knowledge, experience in enterprise application design, architecting or software development areas.
  Successful track record in project management, user and vendor management and as a project lead for small to mid-scale projects.
  Experience with at least 3 SDLC or managed implementation, deployment and conduct change management of projects (at least &gt; $500,000).
  Strong leadership, ability to work independently, analytical skills and systematic with an eye to details.
  Experience in healthcare industry is an added advantage.
