Job Description
Team Summary
The Global Clients Team is responsible for growing the business with one of Visa’s largest and most complex clients. We strive to excel with our partners via strong collaboration, though leadership and creative approach to problem solving. Our goal is to increase strategic value to the client, grow client and Visa revenue, and strengthen executive relationships through identifying and implementing strategic growth opportunities.

What a Senior Director Global Clients does at Visa:
This role is responsible for the growth, profitability, performance and operation of the payments business for one of Visa’s largest and most complex Global Financial Institution clients. The successful candidate will:

  Manage the client's vision and strategy on Visa payments products. Lead and coordinate efforts across AP Region to drive results; develop strategic relationships with the senior management and all decision makers.
  Create and implement innovative solutions that drive the client’s strategic priorities.
  Demonstrate leadership in setting the regional payments strategy for the client in association with internal Visa stakeholders and the client’s regional executive team.
  Key to the success of this role will be his/her ability to liaise with various Visa functions across the region(s) and globe in launching new products/services or expanding and penetration of existing products/solutions with the client. He/she must take hands on leadership in this area and ensure the company's products/services are solutions that bring value to and are embraced by the client. Ideally, this position will bring vision and foresight that translate into product/service definition, in advance of the client's recognition of need.
  Establish and lead a world-class, cross-functional project team. Organize this matrixed, global team as a cohesive entity to pursue a range of business opportunities across the AP region over the short and long term.
  Analyze and carefully monitor on an ongoing basis market trends, activities and competitor actions to enable the account team to develop and implement pre-emptive strategies and plans for the client.
  Ensure all in-market sales teams develop and maintain a deep understanding of global client’s in-country and regional strategies, at the same time being aware of Visa capabilities and industry trends.
  Ensure the client sees Visa as critical partner in meeting their business objectives.

Why this is important to Visa
As the electronic payments industry continues to evolve, Visa must have a strong understanding of client needs to be able to respond quickly with the right solutions and capabilities. &nbsp;This person plays a critical role in delivering Visa’s services to our biggest client, ultimately responsible for our relationship with the key client across AP &amp; CEMEA.
The Senior Director of Global Clients must be able to set a strategic vision and expertly translate strategy to execution, build high quality relationships with all key stakeholders and collaborate to build support of cross-functional teams.