
    COMPANY DESCRIPTION

    The EtonHouse International Education Group is headquartered in Singapore with 120 schools in over 12 countries. Together these schools provide high quality education to over 12,000 children globally. EtonHouse has been at the forefront of international education offering innovative pre-schools and K-12 schools across Asia.
In the early years, an inquiry-based&nbsp;&ldquo;Inquire-Think-Learn&rdquo; curriculum, inspired by the Reggio Emilia approach is followed. In the&nbsp;primary,&nbsp;secondary&nbsp;and&nbsp;high school, EtonHouse offers the globally recognized International Baccalaureate (IB) Programme and IGCSE qualifications. There are 9 IB schools in the EtonHouse family.
We are looking for a Full Stack Developer who are keen in both the front-end and back-end development work to join our organisation.
Reporting to the Group Director of Technology, you will be leading the development of our in-house applications. Our ideal candidate thrives in a fast-paced environment and has a passion for developing high-quality, maintainable code. You will be working in a lean team with a ruthless focus on discovering a product fit to meet the needs of our organisation.

    RESPONSIBILITIES

    
Participate in the development/ implementation of high quality, innovative and sustainable software over the full life cycle of Software Development
Design, develop, deploy and maintain services, systems and applications
Conceive and implement new features and solve interesting and challenging problems together with the team
Continually improve code quality, performance and reliability
Employ agile development methodology and best practices
Work closely with different stakeholders to design, develop and maintain our greenfield projects

QUALIFICATIONS
    
A bachelor&rsquo;s degree in a relevant Computer Science discipline
At least 3 years in-depth knowledge and experience of front-end and backend development
Ability to solve complex development problems and produce the highest quality code while striving to push the technical boundaries of online applications.
Ability to collaborate with teams and individuals throughout the group in a cross-functional and changing/evolving environment


