Responsibilities:
1. Operations Management

  Lead a team of technical staffs to ensure smooth delivery of all Mechanical, Electrical and Plumbing (MEP) services
  Ensure TAM cases are completed daily and feedback from technical staffs are relevant to the cases issued.
  Tracking, monitoring and development of trend analysis of equipment downtime and recovery status.
  Provide training and guidance to the team if required
  Plan budgeting forecast for OPEX, CAPEX

2. Project Management

  Provide technical advisory service during site inspection and project development.
  Manage the M&amp;E scope of the projects.

3. Planned Preventive Maintenance Management

  Plan and schedule PPM activities.
  Timely Submission of weekly/monthly PPM report.
  Assessment of M&amp;E equipment health condition and propose life cycle maintenance to prevent/reduce its downtime

4. Logistics and Spare Parts Management

  Effective spare cost management and forecasting
  Submission of monthly stock report.

5. Policy, Procedures &amp; Processes

  Ensure all relevant MEP drawings are up to date and revised accordingly.
  Establishing and ensuring proper documentation of maintenance checklist, troubleshooting process, work flow diagrams, etc.

6. Events Management

  Technical advisory service to respective stakeholders during pre, actual and post event.
  Fault coordinator, IBMS monitoring and dispatch of FM related activities pre,actual and post Event.


Requirements:

  Diploma / Degree in electrical engineering
  Minimum 3 to 5 years of relevant experience in Facilities Management.
  Strong knowledge in electrical engineering, able to coordinate and handle HT/LT shutdown
  maintenance.
  Technical competent in MEP system, Fire System, IBMS, all facility related equipment/ control system.
  Knowledgeable in SOP, ISO, Risk assessment, Asset management life cycle.
  Possess very good problem-solving skills.
  Good leader, team player with good interpersonal and communication skills
  Able to works under minimal supervision, perform under pressure, proactive.
  Knowledge in project management and planning.

Cushman &amp; Wakefield