Come work at a place where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world!

Position Summary
The Desktop Support Specialist provides advanced technical support and services to F5 end users worldwide via telephone, e-mail and in person as necessary. Includes delivery, installation, upgrade, and troubleshooting of PC hardware, operating systems, user access accounts, productivity software, LAN &amp; VPN connectivity, printers and other peripherals. Assists in the day-to-day operations of both the Desktop Support team and the larger IT organization.

Primary Responsibilities
Provides top-notch end-user support for advanced technology and application questions and problems
Help manage the HelpDesk telephone queue and mailbox
Advanced support end-user issues at their desks when necessary.
Ensures all incidents and requests are resolved against SLAs.
Routes support issues to the correct issue owners via call tracking software.
Coordinate the deployment of new hardware and software
Sets up new and loaner computers for end-users.
Performs other advanced duties as required.
Respond to advanced approved requests to provide timely support to end users for setting up, installing, delivering, and relocating desktop personal computers (PCs), related equipment, and network connections and access.
Multitask, prioritize and organize HelpDesk workload.
Perform advanced maintenance and hardware/software upgrades to end user PCs and related equipment.
Provide advanced timely analysis and resolution of PC hardware, software, and network connectivity/access problems reported by end users. Ensure root cause of problems is understood, address or escalate; verify fixes and obtain end user validation.
Work with end users to help them understand and effectively utilize innovative PC hardware, software, and network services. Answer questions and provide guidance as needed.
Utilize defined processes, &amp; procedures to ensure consistent, timely, and reliable end user support as well as adequate system security, asset tracking, etc..
Maintain accurate and timely status information; record sufficient resolution summary information when closing or escalating tickets.
Assist with maintaining and documenting knowledge base articles.
Work closely with other members of the IT organization to help address more complex issues and ensure free flow of information. Engage assistance of others as needed to satisfy end user requirements.
May be asked to support offsite office location.
May be asked to assist with creating or modifying corporate images and/or software packages.
Responsible for upholding F5’s Business Code of Ethics and for promptly reporting violations of the Code or other company policies
Performs other related duties as assigned.

Qualifications
Associate degree in related field (or equivalent experience) required
2+ years as technical support team leader preferred
3-4 years supporting technology in a fast paced environment
3-4 years customer service experience
Demonstrated in-depth familiarity with Windows operating systems, PC hardware/software, and TCP/IP LANs.
A+ (or similar) certification a plus – MCP certification for current client operating system a plus.
Demonstrated operational familiarity with iOS and OSX.

Physical Demands and Work Environment
Duties are performed in a normal office environment while sitting at a desk or computer table.
Duties require the ability to utilize a computer, communicate over the telephone, and read printed material.
Duties may require being on call periodically or working outside normal working hours (evenings and weekends). Duties may require the ability to travel via automobile or airplane, approximately 5% of the time spent traveling.
Job may be performed on-site at a customer facility or data center, or in an office environment sitting at a desk or computer table.
Ability to read, write, and speak English
Use copier, phone, fax, and personal computer
Ability to lift up to 50 lbs.
Fast paced team environment
Strong customer service orientation
Open to ongoing change
Extensive computer and phone use
E-mail intensive culture
Open office environment

The Job Description is intended to be a general representation of the responsibilities and requirements of the job. However, the description may not be all-inclusive, and responsibilities and requirements are subject to change.

Equal Employment Opportunity
It is the policy of F5 to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical, or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request.