As trustee of the nation’s retirement savings, the Central Provident Fund (CPF) Board helps 4 million CPF members save for their retirement, healthcare and housing needs. Every CPF Ambassador plays a vital role in helping Singaporeans save for a secure retirement. So long as you have the passion and commitment to serve the public, you will find your niche in our big family.

Information Technology
IT systems form the backbone of our operations. We are looking for individuals with passion and IT expertise, to help us improve the delivery of our systems and services.&nbsp; The Board’s IT systems support a high daily volume of financial transactions for CPF members. In addition to keeping the lights on, the Board also keeps pace with the external environment through innovation in its IT systems.

Responsibilities
This job holder will be responsible for designing and building prototypes for a wide range of complex digital services. He/She should have a strong collaborative mindset and the ability to work as part of a cross-functional team. Empathetic to user values and needs, and the ability to effectively communicate design concepts and UX principles will be crucial.

  Create a wide range of deliverables such as UX flows, wireframes, click-able prototypes, high-fidelity mock-ups and design web templates
  Create flexible, coherent design systems, style guides and component libraries
  Partner with IT developers to ensure digital designs are implemented correctly
  Collaborate with UX researchers to understand users and conceptualise simple and usable designs
  Establish and promote design guidelines, best practices and standards
  Create a development process that fosters collaboration and productivity to empower a growing design team

Requirements

  Minimally 2-year of relevant experience in creating new products or improving existing products across Web, Android and iOS platforms
  Experience with UX and design thinking, designing, building, maintaining and implementing pixel-perfect design systems
  Experience in creating responsive web design from ground up using grid systems such as Bootstrap
  Experience in HTML5, JS, CSS, JavaScript and PHP
  Familiar with CMS Management and UI prototyping tools i.e. Sketch, Adobe XD,etc
  Preferable with conceptual knowledge of cross platform design in digital and non-digital touch points
  Passionate about creating experiences that fuse non-digital and digital through research, analytics, design and delivery
  Resilient to work under pressure
  Position will be on 2-year contract

Seniority of appointment will commensurate with relevant experiences