Position:
Be a team member of L2 production support team located in Singapore to ensure 24 * 6 production support for SG with a focus on SWIFT platform.
a. Provide regional application production support for SWIFT Alliance Platform in Asia Pacific
b. Perform daily monitoring of SWIFT Alliance
c. Perform daily routine check on SWIFT Alliance Message File and Event Journal Logs
d. Co-ordinates with other project managers to integrate SAA with other applications
e. Perform RMA Import and update monthly BIC Bank file to SAA and Safewatch Oracle server


Key Responsibilities:

  Independently debug and propose resolution/work-around for complex production issues.
  Ensure root cause analysis is performed where necessary and manage resulting action items to completion.
  Coordinate across various teams to effectively manage production issues and maintenance activities.
  Respond to user requests, incidents and follow up on problems in a timely manner.
  Ensure issues are reported, tracked, followed up and escalated timely.
  Resolve or coordinate the resolution of issues, through problem management process, with other internal teams and / or the vendor.
  Coordinate and follow up with Application teams to ensure permanent fix is prioritized, planned and delivered, through the problem management process.
  Communicate and provide status updates on issues to business users, management team and other stakeholders.
  Contribute to preventive system monitoring and alerting, where appropriate.
  Support change management process and application releases.
  Support Disaster Recovery Test and Business Continuity activities.
  Support IT Security activities e.g. health checks after security patches.
  Support end-of-day and end-of-month batch runs.
  Perform and coordinate regular maintenance activities.
  Document operational procedures; contribute to knowledge base and cross train other team members to build up functional and technical expertise for our Function applications.
  Analyze and challenge existing support processes to achieve continuous improvement.

Specific Qualifications Required:
• Graduate degree in IT/Computer Science or equivalent
• Minimum more than 4 years of experience in Corporate Banking environment with extensive experience in SWIFT Alliance platform and understand SWIFT Messages Types.
• Strong functional &amp; business analysis skills with ability to communicate and bridge between business/operations &amp; IT.
• Good team player with great commitment and attitude.
• Good communication and coordination skill among multiple teams that are cross cultural and cross country.
• Ability to work independently.
• Familiar with standard formats such as SWIFT and SWIFT Message Types.
• Technical skill-set needed is UNIX Shell scripting, Websphere/Tomcat, Oracle P/SQL.