About the Team
We believe in upholding the values of trust and integrity for our stakeholders, while safeguarding our reputation in the financial industry. The Legal Department ensures that the Company's interests are protected by identifying, managing and/or resolving any legal issues and risks faced by the Company at the onset. This, in turn, safeguards the Company’s reputation by mitigating any potential risks of lawsuits, investigations and disputes, which would have an impact on the Company’s licence, operations and business lines.

We recognize that the role of legal counsels in any organization is evolving. At Mizuho Securities, the Legal Department is a trusted advisor to the Company’s management, as well as the Compliance Department. The Legal Department performs a supportive function by partnering with the front and other back office functions to fully understand the operations as well as commercial objectives so as to effectively safeguard the Company’s interest, provide sound advice on the legal risks and issues involved and present viable solutions to the Company.

Summary
We are looking for a bright, proactive and committed individual to join our Legal Department. Reporting to the Head of Legal, you will support the Head of Legal in undertaking all legal matters relating to the Company’s business and corporate functions, and to manage the Company’s exposure to legal risk.

You will be expected to undertake the review of all legal documentation, provide sound legal advice, guidance and support primarily but not exclusively to the Futures, Wealth Management and Debt Capital Markets businesses as well as relevant corporate functions.

In this role, you will get exposure to the daily operational aspects of a financial institution, and experience how the Legal Department advises and supports the various businesses and corporate functions. From corporate governance and regulatory compliance matters to capital markets fund-raising transactions and futures contracts trading/clearing, you will gain a broad perspective on a wide range of issues and legal risks that an in-house legal counsel needs to take into account when acting as trusted advisor to the Company and its management.

Responsibilities

  Draft, review and/or negotiate commercial agreements and inter-company agreements, including engagement letters, non-disclosure agreements, supplemental agreements, customer agreements, brokerage agreements, terms of business, leases, inter-company business services agreements, outsourcing agreements, partnership agreements, introducer agreements and transactional documents etc
  Develop and review core base documents, processes and templates
  Provide timely and sound legal and regulatory advice, as and when necessary, to business and corporate functions
  Instruct and liaise with external counsels, and review documents drafted by external counsel, as and when necessary
  Provide corporate secretarial support
  Support company-wide projects and Mizuho global or regional initiatives, by collaborating with other global and regional business or corporate functions (including cross-country legal functions)
  Develop and implement a tracking and records retention framework for management and administration of contracts entered into by the Company and legal advice rendered
  Provide training and track legal knowledge management, where required
  Any other work that may be assigned from time to time


Skills and Qualifications

  Qualified lawyer with 2 – 3 years PQE
  Admitted to practice law in Singapore. Admission to other common law jurisdictions such as UK or Hong Kong, or legal qualification as an attorney in the US may be considered
  Candidates with prior working experience (in-house or in private practice) in either debt capital markets, financial regulatory, commodity futures or wealth management/private banking would have an advantage.
  Good knowledge of regulatory requirements relating to capital markets services
  Excellent written and spoken English
  Excellent drafting and research skills
  An analytic mind with strong attention to detail
  Good communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to articulate legal issues and complex concepts, and explain the implications of a recommended course of action in a clear and concise manner
  Ability to multi-task and work independently
  Knowledge of Mandarin or Japanese is favourable but not essential

Company Overview
At Mizuho Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (“Mizuho Securities” or the “Company”), we provide the stability of an international industry leader with the career trajectory of a growing business. Our steady, strategic growth gives our people at all levels rewarding degrees of responsibility and a richer work experience than a boutique firm or an established giant could offer alone.

It’s the local expertise of our employees that makes our global network so powerful. By collaborating with colleagues and clients who have your same ambition and drive, you can amplify your sphere of influence and base of knowledge as part of one of the largest—and growing—banks in the world.

The Mizuho Financial Group is a global financial services leader with offices in nearly 40 countries, approximately 60,000 employees, and assets of more than USD 1.8 trillion. Mizuho provides expertise in retail banking, corporate finance, investment banking, asset management, capital markets, and sales and trading, to help businesses develop and find new opportunities for growth.

Within the Group, Mizuho Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (“MHSS”) is a Singapore-based group company of Mizuho Securities, part of the Mizuho Financial Group. MHSS is an established securities firm with over thirty years of history in Singapore. We offer many services, with an emphasis and expertise in futures clearing services, fixed income and equity sales, DCM, M&amp;A advisory and wealth management. As a major subsidiary of the global Mizuho Securities firm, our focus is to serve customers in Southeast Asia, as well as the greater Asia-Pacific region. Ultimately, our goal is to provide our customers a world-class suite of services across both primary and secondary capital markets.

For more information about the Mizuho Financial Group, please visit: https://www.mizuho-fg.com/index.html
For more information about Mizuho Securities, please visit: https://www.mizuho-sc.com/english/

Application:
Please apply for the role online at: https://mizuho.recruitmentplatform.com/Apply/AAADOQAA-94f2c059-09a0-4e15-917d-5acbd711ff9b/apply.html?jobId=QQ4FK026203F3VBQBLO7V68Y0-85&amp;langCode=en_GB&amp;step=DIRECT