GEMS World Academy (Singapore) has a vacancy for a Lab Assistant. The successful incumbent will oversee safety, handling, and disposing of hazardous chemicals and maintenance of lab equipment and materials.

Main Responsibilities

  To work directly with teachers and students in support of the instructional program, individual students’ needs and assist teachers as assigned.
  To maintain laboratory equipment and materials in proper working order and maintain a clean work area in the laboratory rooms and chemical room.
  To oversee safety, handling, and disposing of hazardous chemicals as required by the National Environment Agency and explosive precursors as required by the Singapore Police Force
  Carry out risk assessments to ensure that all health and safety procedures are understood and followed correctly.
  Supports teachers with a demonstration of experiments to students and runs trial experiments prior to classes.
  Assist students with research projects provides support to faculty with experiments, administration and coordination duties.
  Familiar and confident to use LabQuest, LabQuest Sensors and Probes, light microscope, stereo microscope, incubator, water bath, and other specialised Science laboratory materials and equipment

Person Specifications

  Degree in Science /Engineering or in another relevant field
  Minimum 1 to 3 years experience in similar positions or in the education industry will be preferred
  Proficiency in using google platforms and Microsoft office eg MS Word, Excel, Presentation
  Knowledgeable in handling and preparing chemicals, excellent scientific, technical knowledge and adheres to safe working practises
  Possess strong practical and organisational skills with the ability to manage his/her own workload
  Excellent communication and collaborative skills to work closely and provide support to different stakeholders within the department and other teams
  Takes initiative, meticulous, prioritises, and plans ahead
  Ability to maintain and calibrate technical equipment and the ability to cope with competing demands

How to apply?
Please send a cover letter, detailed CV and three references directly to our Human Resources Team at recruit@gwa.edu.sg by Friday, 12 June 2020. Due to the high volume of applications that we are receiving, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. We follow safe recruitment practices and all appointments are subject to interviews, satisfactory references, identity and criminal record checks.