JOB SUMMARY:

To effectively execute company water/wastewater projects, ensuring that all work adheres to company and industry standards and commitments are met on time, within budget, and to the quality expected by the business and agreed contracts.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES:
In collaboration and alignment with Corporate Engineering, Project Management and Operations:

  Deliver projects safely, on-time, on or below budget, to the contractual specification and quality.
  Act as the main point of contact with the customer from Build Scope PO acceptance to Project handover attending site meetings, producing progress reports and collaborative reviews as per the contract and when required in the interests of the project and business.
  Prepare, implement, maintain and update the Pre-fabrication Works Plan, the Site Construction Plan and HSE plan.
  Lead, manage, organise and control all internal and external project execution manpower &amp; resources (including prefabrication works)
  Ensure site construction team members have the appropriate skill-set, training &amp; development plans, future work load and are set realistic work packages to agreed milestone targets.
  Maintain effective project communication with the Project Manager, the Customer and all internal and external relevant disciplines.
  Provide advice and clarification to customers, contractors, and vendors on all construction and fabrication works matters.
  Develop overall coordination and cooperation of contractors in order to minimize interface problems.
  Perform QA/QC inspections and attend FAT at suppliers/pre-fabricators locations whenever necessary
  Work with the customer and contractors to ensure proposed construction and work methods are clearly understood and accepted and ensure agreement on environmental and safe work plans for permitting.
  Manage all project site works. Assign, monitor and communicate the progress and completion status of all construction tasks, the timely issuance of PTW and all construction deliverables (risk assessment, method statements, progress reports,…).
  Ensure that risk assessments, safety plans and permit to work applications are reviewed and approved before start of work.
  Ensure fully traceable construction document tracking, submission and archiving, working closely with the Document Controller.
  Seek opportunities to improve the project build scope and margin through cost savings and variation orders.
  Work with the Supply Chain team to obtain the best pricing for materials, services and logistics.
  Provide and co-ordinate logistics schedules with Supply Chain in order to meet project objectives.
  Manage, with Supply Chain support, all contractual and commercial claims from sub-contractors including preparing and negotiating detail assertions, cost changes and schedule changes.
  Ensure assigned projects are delivered in compliance with legal requirements, company EHS and Quality standards.
  Conduct HSE audits, safety walks and inspections to help achieve a zero-incident culture at your job sites.
  Participate in all accident/ incident investigation meetings, where applicable.
  Demonstrate total commitment to HSE by maintaining a clean and tidy work site.
  Plan and work with the Test &amp; Commissioning department to achieve successful handover to customer.

SKILLS/EXPERIENCE/EDUCATION REQUIRED:

  Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Engineering (Chemical), (Mechanical) or equivalent
  Minimum 15 years’ experience in constructions projects, preferably in the water industry
  Experience in superstructure and skids pre-fabrication &amp; installation
  Excellent analytical thinking, interpersonal/communication skills and problems solving capacities
  Applicants must be willing to travel as and when required

JOB SPECIFICS:

  Ability to work in a high energy, start-up based environment and multi-tasking.
  Strong communication skills to convey ideas and technical information effectively within team and to customers.
  Curiosity and strong drive to improve status-quo while working in a semi-autonomous environment.
  Pays attention to detail, identifies &amp; solves complex issues.
  Checks work for quality.
  Shares suggestions to improve quality &amp; productivity.
  Works independently with minimal supervision.
