NCS plays a key role in our customer’s digital transformation journey where many are moving to cloud. We are engaged from the initial planning and migration of our customer’s on-premise workload to cloud, utilising cloud-native capabilities such as serverless computing, containers, as well as microservices, AI/ML, blockchain and more.
Our team is expanding. We welcome highly motivated and passionate individuals who enjoys working in an agile environment that embraces a growth mindset and continuous innovation. We offer opportunities to work on large-scale, complex yet innovative engagements to build an impactful career.

This role is customer-facing and will spend most of your time working closely with business and technical influencers. You will be positioned as a subject matter expert in cloud with a focus on Application Modernisation and Innovation. You will also actively evangelise cloud and indigenize rest of our services and workforce to Cloud. Experience in either Amazon Web Services or Azure or Google Cloud Platform or Alibaba Cloud is valued.

Responsibilities:

  Understand our customer’s application portfolio, key challenges and business prioritizes to design the ideal cloud architecture, utilising both cloud-native and 3rd party solutions (where applicable) to meet our customer needs.
  Provide our customers with architectural and operational insights and/or thought leadership to make strategic and forward-looking plans in their cloud journey.
  Offer guidance in cloud transformation and migration techniques, involving potentially large and complex applications and/or data to cloud
  Ensure the proposed cloud architectures and solutions are right-sized and exhibit scalability, maintainability, performance and security and compliant with our customer’s policies and standards
  Work with our DevSecOps practise to design the candidate DevSecOps infrastructure that supports the various workloads in our customer’s environment
  Establish the scope of work in our proposals as well as identify the solution components required for delivery of client projects.
  Accountable for technical validation of solutions proposed to customers, including liaising with NCS Architecture, Delivery and Operations teams
  Work closely with our customer’s security representatives to ensure compliance for cloud architectures
  Work with our customers to finalise their cloud operating and governance model, not limited to RBAC, SOPs and security policies

The ideal candidate:

  Bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent
  Minimum 5 years of working experience in either AWS, Azure or Google Cloud Platform.&nbsp; Experience with other cloud platforms will also be considered.
  Previous experience with a System Integrator or Consulting organisation is preferred
  Experience with scalable architectures using serverless technologies, container orchestration (e.g., Kubernetes, Cloud Foundry), microservice frameworks, etc. and software development practices like DevOps and CI/CD tool chains (i.e., Jenkins, Spinnaker, Azure DevOps, GitHub, Puppet) is preferred
  Experience with large scale cloud architectures including hybrid architectures, migration of on-premise workload and application modernization will be an advantage
  Strong understanding of cloud or system security will be preferred
  Some understanding of software development and infrastructure operations solutions will be preferred
  Strong analytical and design thinking skills
  Effective communication skills (verbal and written) in articulating design principles, with ability to adopt communications styles to suit targeted audiences ranging from engineers to customer senior management.
  Good team player in a multi-stakeholders environment.
  Strong ability to conceptualize and actualize visionary strategies and provide leadership to defend and entrench our core business in the current intensifying competitive landscape.
  Must be knowledgeable on existing and emerging technologies to help the customer in long term IT strategic direction planning.
