The Smart Nation and Digital Government Office (SNDGO), under the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) plans and prioritizes key Smart Nation and digital government projects, raises the standards of Government ICT and services, builds long-term capabilities for the public sector, and promotes adoption and participation in digital and smart innovations. It takes a whole-of-nation effort, and we will actively engage the public, the industry and fellow agencies as we build a Smart Nation together.
Human Capital and Development Directorate plays a role in supporting SNDGO in delivering on the Smart Nation outcomes and the Government ICT&amp;SS sector through:

  HR Policy: Developing an attractive career proposition for a common scheme (Digital Technologist Scheme) for the ICT&amp;SS sector through bold and innovative HR strategies and policies;
  Talent &amp; Leadership Management (TLM): Ensuring a strong leadership bench strength for the ICT&amp;SS sector through effective and collective talent management and succession planning; and
  Human Capital: Recruiting developing and retaining high quality SNDGO staff through agile and leading HR practices.

Reporting to the Deputy Director (Human Capital), you will assist to:

  Design dashboards to communicate key HR indicators to management for performance tracking. The role will allow the incumbent to understand the breadth of HR processes, as well as develop competencies in identifying critical HR performance indicators.
  Develop communication strategy and material to engage SNDGO staff on HR-related matters. This entails developing a calendar of events to detail when communication materials are to be sent out; designing communication material (e.g. EDMs, posters) and liaising with vendors for production; and eveloping initiatives (e.g. competitions, rewards) to encourage desired behaviours.

We are in search of motivated individuals who share the following skillsets and traits:

  Strong communication and interpersonal skills to engage a wide spectrum of stakeholders. Strong interest in human psychology and how it can shape behaviour. Keen eye for aesthetics and skills in photoshop or any photo-editing software.
  Appreciate and possesses the ability to tell a story with numbers using charts and visuals. Skills in tableau or any dashboarding software.
  Takes pride in going the extra mile to produce work of high standards
  Excellent interpersonal, writing and communication skills.

Only shortlisted applicants will be notified within 2 weeks after closing date.