The Smart Nation and Digital Government Office (SNDGO), under the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) plans and prioritizes key Smart Nation and digital government projects, raises the standards of Government ICT and services, builds long-term capabilities for the public sector, and promotes adoption and participation in digital and smart innovations. It takes a whole-of-nation effort, and we will actively engage the public, the industry and fellow agencies as we build a Smart Nation together.

Human Capital and Development Directorate plays a role in supporting SNDGO in delivering on the Smart Nation outcomes and the Government ICT&amp;SS sector through:

  HR Policy: Developing an attractive career proposition for a common scheme (Digital Technologist Scheme) for the ICT&amp;SS sector through bold and innovative HR strategies and policies;
  Talent &amp; Leadership Management (TLM): Ensuring a strong leadership bench strength for the ICT&amp;SS sector through effective and collective talent management and succession planning; and
  Human Capital: Recruiting developing and retaining high quality SNDGO staff through agile and leading HR practices.

Reporting to the Senior Assistant Director (TLM), you will be part of the TLM team responsible for the following key areas to attract Digital Tech Talent for the Government:

  Green Harvesting of Digital Tech Talent. This entails designing and implementing talent cultivation and engagement strategy, with the aim of recruiting top young digital tech talent to join the Government. You will develop and implement branding and marketing initiatives to raise interest and awareness of digital tech career in the Government and promote the Government as an employer of choice for the digital tech sector; and develop and implement talent attraction and engagement initiatives such as inter-agency recruitment fair, etc., to attract and headhunt digital tech talent. 
  Scholarship and Internship Policy and Administration.This entails reviewing the policy and implementation of the Smart Nation Scholarship (SNS) and Smart Nation Internship Programme (SNIP), to ensure that they remain relevant and effective in attracting the right digital tech talent for the Government. SNS and SNIP are key programmes to help participating Statutory Boards to green-harvest top young digital tech talent.

We are in search of motivated individuals who share the following skillsets and traits:

  Knowledge/experience in marketing/HR will be advantageous
  Demonstrate keenness and quickness in understanding the organisation’s business context, drivers, opportunities and risks. In doing so, develop and execute HR strategies based on sound judgment and in alignment to the organisation’s goals
  Appreciate and possesses the ability to make data-driven recommendation. This may entail the ability to perform analysis using data analysis tools and techniques to obtain insights and enhance the analysis with visualization tools.
  Good communication and interpersonal skills to engage a wide spectrum of external and internal stakeholders; including multi-agency and inter-departmental teams
  Resourceful and pro-active
  Good interpersonal, writing and communication skills
  Reliable and able to multi-task

Only shortlisted applicants will be notified within 2 weeks after closing date.