Responsibilities:

  Work with the infrastructure team to prepare servers for application installation.
  Prepare the SIT/UAT/Production environment setup, Control-M job, R2W, SFTP file transfer, Connect Direct, etc
  Support SIT/UAT/Production Releases &amp; Implementation
  Participate in functional specifications creation for business and for the operations &amp; processing center.
  Create technical design specifications.
  Prepare comprehensive SIT test-cases to ensure coverage of functionality and interfaces test.
  Conduct end-to-end SIT testing, review the SIT test result
  Ensure compliance and consistency of application standards and procedures.
  Work closely with business users in all change requests which includes gathering change requirements, documenting system requirement definition, testing, and implementation.
  Collaborate with the UAT team to create test plans, analyze test cases, identify issues, and escalate them to appropriate teams.
  Provide technical expertise and assistance in designing, testing, and developing applications.
  Responsible for developing new and modifying existing programs when required.
  Analyze and review enhancements for compatibility, adhere to operating guidelines, and perform integration testing.
  Collaborate with cross-functional teams to maintain efficiency, consistency and achieve successful implementation of the application.
  Prepare and present status reports, implementation task lists, roll-back plan for the release management committee.
  Incident management to log issues in the defect repository and work with the vendor to prioritize the resolution.

Requirements:


  Experience in providing production support services mission-critical systems in a 24x7 environment, where zero downtime is required.
  Minimum 3 years of experience in application design and development on Windows platform &amp; Microsoft SQL database
  Good to have experience using VB.Net/ASP.Net, Power Shell, Javascript
  Possess the ability to both analyze systems and think creatively to come up with innovative solutions
  Strong knowledge in computer hardware technology and its limitations, as well as expertise in the programming language used to develop the application, whether it's a database or a business program incorporated into a corporate system.
  Strong communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills
  Excellent time-management skills
  Ability to keep up with rapid changes by constantly updating technical skills and knowledge
  Willingness to work over the weekend and after business hours, as may be required, to support application deployments.
