Contact Rishi @ 65 31634921 Mail: rishi.chowdhury@pactera.com

**12 Months Contract Role.
Location – Singapore.
Full time Permanent Job

**9 years of &nbsp;team handling exp. is required

Pactera Role Details –Test Manager
We are seeking for a dynamic and passionate individual for the position of Test Manager. Candidates which has the passion to pursue their careers by having a good understanding of IT technology, good documentation skills and communication skills are encouraged to apply.
Reporting to: Head of TCOE

Responsibilities:

  Experience in automation and manual testing with Hands on experience in both open source and licensed automation tools, preferably in Tosca, Selenium, Appium.
  Strategize, advise and plan test related activities
  Ensure alignment of the testing scope to all requirements and review all test plans, test scenarios, test reports and provide completeness sign-off
  Work closely with the development teams and vendors to ensure visibility on unit tests and development schedule
  Work closely with Product Owners and PMO and provide confidence in test planning effort and deliverables and enable product owners/PMO to provide sign off on the deliverables
  Provide regular progress report to Product owners and PMO
  Manage the test execution plan and defect management processes across integration testing and acceptance test
  Engage with stakeholders for issue and defect resolution.
  Escalate the impacts on quality and scheduling for any major issues or defects during testing cycles to stakeholders and provide test execution options to mitigate any additional delays
  Participate in all requirement meetings and facilitate defect triage for test phases
  Provide guidance and supervision to the Test leads and act as a escalation point for the testing team
  Work with Test Lead to provide a defect analysis report post project test phase providing visibility on defect root causes and lessons learnt
  Educate and help the Product owners/PMO define quality parameters and acceptance criteria for project delivery
  Monitor and Control defect activities, resource deployment and Project request
  Managing both onsite and offsite team

Requirements:

  13+ years of experience in the field of Software Testing or Quality Assurance with at least 9+ years of experience as a Test Manager, Handling a Team.
  Experience in managing both Automation and Manual testing teams is preferred.
  Able to work in fast paced, challenging and dynamic environment
  Candidate must have strong analytical skills
  Proficient in MS Excel, Word and Power Point
  Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential.
  Familiar with Software Testing Development and Testing methodology, especially Agile
  Able to travel frequently

Important attributes for success:

  Passionate about STLC and guiding subordinates
  Positive on collaborative environment with your colleagues &amp; business partners
  People-oriented
  Able to meet tight deadlines and work well under pressure
  Exceeds expectations and produces positive results
  Timekeeper, sincere person
  Predictable problems and disability points
  Identifying and mitigating risks and issues
  Commitment to quality, consideration of detail
  Be able to work independently with minimal supervision
  Effectively communicate with all levels of client organizations, vendors and stakeholders.


Pactera Technology International Ltd. is a trusted consulting and technology services partner with proven global capabilities, quality standards, and efficient delivery processes. Global headquarters are strategically located in China, with regional headquarters in North America, Asia Pacific, and Europe. Its international presence, experience and teams allow the perfect balance of personalized and high-value service. Since 1995, Pactera has delivered world-class Business / IT consulting, solutions, and outsourcing services to a wide range of Fortune 500 clients spanning multiple industries including the Financial Services, Technology, Telecommunications, Travel and Transportation, Energy, Life Sciences, Manufacturing and Retail &amp; Distribution sectors. Pactera has been recognized both by partners and industry analysts for extensive services and capabilities that help clients win in today's versatile global marketplace. CMMI Level 5 rating combined with CMMI-SVC Maturity Level 3, Six Sigma, ISO 27001, ISO 9001:2008, SAS70 and PIPA enables Pactera to provide clients with high quality service through industry-leading security practices.
We are seeking for a dynamic and passionate individual for the position of Test Manager. Candidates which has the passion to pursue their careers by having a good understanding of IT technology, good documentation skills and communication skills are encouraged to apply.