Join Trident and be part of the new way businesses will trade across the globe.

Trident is a curated B2B marketplace and trade platform of verifiable, international traders. Designed to empower buyers and suppliers to grow their businesses with confidence, Trident connects trusted trade partners and supports them through their end-to-end trade journey.

Our goal is to enable buyers to efficiently diversify their supply chains by matching them with a set of quality, international suppliers. We also help suppliers to expand their customer base by connecting them with reputable buyers.

The platform leverages decentralised technology to enable users to have control and ownership over their data.

Seeded by Temasek, a global investment company headquartered in Singapore, Trident is based in Singapore with a hub in China.

This role at Trident provides a unique opportunity for a high performing individual to have broad impact. You will work closely with a talented and diverse group of engineers, product managers and industry experts.

Key Responsibilities

  Own all aspects of our front-end architecture
  Build customer-facing UI for a distributed B2B platform for both English and Mandarin (Mandarin language skills preferred but not required)
  Code, test and operate node.js/typescript based services
  Optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of web - capable devices and browsers
  Experience with Localization / Internationalization in customer-facing web and mobile design
  Mentor other engineering team members
  Contribute to team and organizational improvements in process and infrastructure
  In-depth knowledge of system design and optimization
  Work well with global teams across different time zones effectively
  Work as part of a team developing applications and services using Agile development methods

Ideal Candidate Requirements

  2+ years of experience in React JS and GraphQL
  3+ years of proven frontend development experience, mainly using JavaScript technologies
  Expert in Node.js, React.js and React Native, ideally using TypeScript language extensions
  Good understanding of JavaScript Design Patterns
  Good experience writing front end test cases
  Chinese language skill preferred

Languages / Frameworks
Below are the technologies we primarily use for front end development. However, we'll always choose the best tool for the job (maybe you can suggest one?), so don't consider this list either exhaustive or immutable:

  HTML5, CSS3, SASS, React, Redux, Progressive Web Applications
