
    COMPANY DESCRIPTION

    About NTUC Link Private Limited
As part of the Group of Social Enterprises under Singapore&rsquo;s Labour Movement, NTUC Link Private Limited ('Link') was incorporated in 1998 with the key focus of improving the lives of its members by stretching their spending dollar on everyday expenses. Today, Link has transformed beyond a loyalty programme to become a digitally-enabled and data-driven organization. Focused on e-commerce, consumer research, advanced analytics and payments, it offers an engagement platform that delivers value to members and merchants through the most seamless, data-rich, and omni-channel approach. Digital transformation has enabled NTUC Link to enhance and introduce its consumer and business service offerings respectively; namely Plus! and Plus! For Business.
Plus! is one of Singapore&rsquo;s largest and most successful multi-partners loyalty programme, allowing members to earn and redeem loyalty points (LinkPoints) across a variety of lifestyle merchants. With the new Plus! App, Plus! Members can access an array of deals and offers, check their LinkPoints balance, collect stamps from purchases, use digital vouchers and redeem rewards.
Plus! For Business is a suite of business solutions that provides data-based products and services to businesses of all scales. Through advanced analytics and data science, it helps businesses to effectively target their most relevant customers so as to grow acquisitions and sales.
NTUC Link&rsquo;s service offerings Plus! and Plus! For Business collectively reach over 2 million individuals, touches 90% of households, comprises more than 270 merchants and is available at more than 1200 outlets across Singapore.
To achieve the goals in our digital transformation, we've brought in a diverse set of talents from various industries and backgrounds to work with our pioneers for the next lap of our journey.
We're re-writing the playbook and breaking the rules; and there's never been a better time to be on-board. So, if you want to join us on this exciting ride, take a look at the opportunities on our Job Site to connect with us today.
For more information on NTUC Link and Plus!, visit http://www.plus.com.sg

    RESPONSIBILITIES

    Sales Operations Responsibilities

Sales Support

Drafting of standard agreements independently
Collaborate with legal for non-standard clauses and offerings
Work closely with the Partnership Managers on the commercials of agreements
Upkeep of contract register, campaign register and partner listing
System administrator for CRM system, ensure CRM system is updated at all times
Proper &amp; complete storage of agreements electronically
Monthly update of Sales Performance Report
Other ad hoc projects as needed

Billing Support

Creation &amp; Maintenance of Business Partners in SAP
Creation &amp; Upload of Sales Orders (Recurring and/or One Time)
Update &amp; Upload Pricing in CMS


Finance Responsibilities:

Assist in accounting functions 

In areas such as Accounts Receivable/ General Ledger
Active participation in timely month end closing.
Prepare Balance Sheet schedules and bank reconciliations

Assist in interim and finals audit fieldwork requirement and confirmation request
Other ad hoc duties as needed

QUALIFICATIONS
    
Degree in Business/ Accountancy/ Finance or equivalent professional qualification.
Effective verbal and written communication skills.
More than 3 years of relevant working experiences
Working knowledge of SAP advantageous
Meticulous, positive work attitude, have a strong sense of responsibility and urgency.
Eagerness to learn and willing to take on more responsibility.
Good team player with ability to multi-task independently and work under pressure.


    OTHER INFORMATION
    Working location: 77 Robinsons - Tanjong Pagar MRT
