The National Institute of Education (NIE) invites suitable applications for the position of Research Fellow on a 1 year contract at the Office of Education Research (OER).

Project Title: Education Policy

Project Introduction:
The National Institute of Education (NIE) invites suitable applications for the position of Research Fellow on a 1-year contract (renewable). The position works with the Dean’s office on Education Policy at the Office of Education Research (OER).
The candidate facilitates the flow of NIE education research data to impact policy and practice and to deepen the impact of NIE education research across the education system.
And for the successfully awarded proposals, the unit works with other units within OER and NIE to support the research team through its oversight of the individually created project/programme management office.

Responsibilities

  Main work focus would be for research on education policy in OER
  Assist OER with literature review and drafting of DSM papers, opinion pieces, other documents as assigned
  Project manage OER’s SkillsFuture for Education working group
  Assist in writing research reports, publications and presentation materials with minimum supervision
  Provide support for research directives
  Perform other assignments as determined by the Reporting Officer

Requirements

  A PHD in Education or related fields in Policy Writing (preferably with at least 5 years of working experience relevant to the role).
  5-10 years of data analytics exposure
  Understanding of Singapore educational context with a strong interest in advancing education outcomes.
  Ability to read and understand complex research ideas and effectively communicate them to lay audiences through digital, print and other channels. Experience with journalistic writing is an advantage.
  Strong attention to detail and factual accuracy.
  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills; proactive at collaborating with others to achieve shared results.
  Ability to prioritise and act in ambiguity and with changing priorities, and effectively pose questions in order to “tease out” information required for decision-making.
  Self-motivated with ability to multi-task and work within tight deadlines

Application
Applicants (external and internal) will apply via Workday. We regret that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.

Link: https://ntu.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/NTU-Main-Campus-Singapore/Research-Fellow--Office-of-Education-Research---Education-Policy--NIE-_R00002431

Other Information
NIE staff can take chartered buses at their own expense from or near their homes to the NIE campus. This is subject to availability of seats.