This role has the core responsibility to sell the company's solutions to the market. The successful candidate is a self-motivated technologist with a keen mind and breadth of knowledge across telco networks, cybersecurity and advanced technologies. He/she is expected to be a good communicator, capable of supporting the Sales Team in presenting innovative and customized solutions that meets the needs of the new enterprise clients’ requirements.

Responsibilities:

  Provide high quality pre-sales technical consultation and develop cost effective, resilient, innovative and reliable ICT solutions to win proposals and bids/tenders and achieve high customer satisfaction for the services rendered.
  Understand customers'' networking and communications requirements and provide high quality network design for customers'' WAN networks.
  Perform role of overall solution consultant integrating network solutions and managed ICT services; ensuring ICT solutions proposed by partners meet customer requirements.
  Conduct presentations on proposed solutions and new technologies to customers.
  Prepare win/loss analysis for proposals/bids/tenders submitted to facilitate continuous improvement of networks designed.
  Ensure quality documentation and updates for customers'' network configurations and processes.
  Provide support to project managers and partners in WAN network project implementations and support operations and service managers in post sales queries when required
  Responsible for providing technical and solutioning support to the Sales team in capturing customers’ requirements, preparing and presenting proposals.
  Work with cross functional teams to coordinate sales, post-sales and support resources to drive successful closure and implementation for customers
  Gather in depth hardware, applications and networks requirement to architect and design a suitable highly available, secure and scalable solutions to meet client requirement.
  Working with the Account Manager to accurately define client solutions and to help drive bids and sales
  Walk through and present to clients the various technologies and services proposed and explain technical details and value proposition of the proposed solution.
  Influence and gain approval of the proposed solution from client.
  Act as a trusted advisor for nominated client accounts.
  Develop deep technical knowledge of the products
  Coordinate internal/external resources to effectively pursue opportunities.
  Disseminate feedback to business units gained from client experiences and issues to facilitate product improvement or enhancements

Requirements:

  Degree/Diploma in Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline
  At least 3 years working experience in consultation or presales in the Telecommunications or IT Industry
  Competency in IP networks, SDN, IoT, cybersecurity or telco Cloud NFV environment.
  Strong command of English, with good interpersonal, communication and presentation skills
  Possess CCNA and preferable with network or/and ICT or/and security certifications.
