Details of the Division and Team:
The Management Board has delegated to Anti-Financial Crime (“AFC”) as an independent control function the tasks and measures for the prevention of money laundering, the fight against terrorist financing, the monitoring of financial and commercial sanctions, and the fight against other criminal activities.AFC's goal is to identify risks resulting from financial crimes that could jeopardize Deutsche Bank's integrity and thus its success. We prevent these risks as effectively as possible, or, if they do occur, we investigate and clear them up appropriately in the interest of all parties involved. The framework of AFC is derived from legal, regulatory and internal requirements including specific country guidelines of the countries in which Deutsche Bank is active.Within AFC's entire value chain, the AFC Modelling (AFCM) function ensures an integral part of the control environment by using a risk-based approach to manage the models that translate the above goals and expectations into concrete controls and analysis. Geographically, the function is rolled out globally and is part of Group Strategic Analytics (GSA), an end-to-end quantitative analytics and model delivery function for DB Group.The role in scope is part of a broader team covering all APAC and EMEA countries as well as DB’s home base Germany. Reporting line goes directly into the AFC Modelling regional head for Germany, APAC and EMEA.
What we will offer you:
A healthy, engaged and well-supported workforce are better equipped to do their best work and, more importantly, enjoy their lives inside and outside the workplace. That’s why we are committed to providing an environment with your development and wellbeing at its center.
You can expect:

  Flexible benefits plan including virtual doctor consultation services
  Comprehensive leave benefits
  Gender Neutral Parental Leave
  Flexible working arrangements
  25 days of annual paid leave, plus public holiday &amp; Flexible Working Arrangement

Your key responsibilities:

  Responsible for the entire Model Management Lifecycle regarding all Transaction Monitoring related controls. From the identification of the respective underlying AML risk on a product level and the assessment of risks via existing controls, to the definition of compensating controls to mitigating identified residual risks, to the regular assessment of controls effectiveness and efficiency to the holistic regular review of all models used.
  Ensure that models used within the APAC region meet defined standards from the AFCM Transaction Monitoring Operating Model and adequately cover the underlying risks; Pursue a scientific approach to bring together a variety of AML obligations and demands and manage them to cover AML risks. Your analysis results support the global AFCM function in their respective areas of responsibility. In addition, your results are the basis for further investigations; Lead and develop a team of analysts and ensures the regional obligations in APAC are fulfilled and expectations around model management and compliance against regulatory obligations are met.
  Immediate action is on the global standardization of systems, processes, models and analysis: the obligation is to follow global standards and to comply with regional specifics and be the SME in technology driven AFCM projects.
  Lead and motivate team members, enable “feedback” culture; Close stakeholder alignment with senior management on regional level, other AFC representatives and internal auditors.
  Engaged to use new technologies and approaches in the area of Financial Crime Analytics; Analyze data via several tools, technics and approaches; Improve transaction monitoring models, analytical processes, and resulting documentation.
  Support different AFCM departments regarding data analysis and MI; Preparation and presentation of analysis results; Coordination of the APAC countries and their respective demands on AML Modelling topics.

Your skills and experience:

  Academic degree in mathematics, economics, computer science, data science, information management, statistics, social sciences or a comparable qualification with a quantitative background is desirable
  Performed same/similar function in a lead capacity  with a provable record of having dealt successfully with regulators, monitors, inspectors and authoritative bodies
  Good ability to quickly understand and manage complex requirements
  Experience in analytics and data mining and statistical analysis as well as experience in model validation process and project lifecycle is desirable
  Excellent knowledge of the current Microsoft Office programs (Excel, Word, PowerPoint), Quant Methodologies, coding with Python and PySpark, big data handling via Hadoop and Oracle Mantas

How we’ll support you:

  Flexible working to assist you balance your personal priorities
  A culture of continuous learning to aid progression
  A range of flexible benefits that you can tailor to suit your needs
  Training and development to help you excel in your career

Our values define the working environment we strive to create – diverse, supportive and welcoming of different views. We embrace a culture reflecting a variety of perspectives, insights and backgrounds to drive innovation. We build talented and diverse teams to drive business results and encourage our people to develop to their full potential. Talk to us about flexible work arrangements and other initiatives we offer.We promote good working relationships and encourage high standards of conduct and work performance. We welcome applications from talented people from all cultures, countries, races, genders, sexual orientations, disabilities, beliefs and generations and are committed to providing a working environment free from harassment, discrimination and retaliation.
