Our client is a highly established, large Financial Institution where the Technology Group is a key enabler to keep their business moving forward and is constantly exploiting state-of-the-art information technologies to enhance their ability to be the leading global long-term financial firm. They aim to provide users with empowering and transformational capabilities, and to create an inclusive, innovative and integrated work environment.
&nbsp;
We are looking for a suitable candidate to join their Technology Group as an AVP, Senior Software Developer within the Private Markets Solutions.

Responsibilities

  Partnership with business users and IT vendors to implement and support application solutions to Investment Services, Private Markets &amp; Finance.&nbsp;
  Work closely with various IT business application teams, to develop, implement and maintain business application systems using cutting edge techniques and technologies.
  Conduct detailed requirements analysis, system design and effectively implement technical solutions to meet users’ change requests/enhancements..
  Identify and manage issues and change requests and escalate to the application manager for matters relating scope, resources, schedule, and costs.
  Work with cross functional teams to deliver innovative data driven solutions and automations to improve service delivery for application operations and enhancements.
  Analyze, tackle and resolve production incidents and systems enhancements change requests for business applications.
  Analyze systems operations data (SLAs, customer satisfaction, delivery quality, team efficiency &amp; etc) to identify actionable trends for continual improvements.

Requirements

  Possess a good Degree in Information Technology / Engineering / Computer Science.
  You should have about 7-8 years' experience in business application systems / software development in an investment and banking environment.
  Knowledge and experience in agile techniques like Scrum and Kanban, exposures to DevOps will be a huge advantage,&nbsp;
  Good team leader who is keen to guide, independent, learn and with strong analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills.
  Possess hands-on technical skills and competency in standard technology platforms Java, J2EE, .NET, C#, SQL server, Oracle, Python, R and desktop programming (Excel VBA).
  C# experience is a must.
  Equipped with a good appreciation of systems development lifecycle, systems design and systems architecture.
  Preference for Singaporeans and Permanent Residents.


Please contact Grace Tham at +65 8715 6302 or GraceT@charterhouse.com.sg for a confidential discussion

EA License no: 16S8066 I Reg no.: R1442448

Please note that only successful candidates will be notified.
