We are looking for a Software Developer to build and implement functional programs in the Business IT area. You will work with other Developers and Product Managers throughout the software development life cycle.
In this role, you should be a team player with a keen eye for detail and problem-solving skills. Your goal will be to build efficient programs and systems that serve user needs.

Responsibilities:

  Work with developers to design algorithms and flowcharts
  Produce clean, efficient code based on specifications
  Integrate software components and third-party programs
  Verify and deploy programs and systems
  Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing software
  Gather and evaluate user feedback
  Recommend and execute improvements
  Create technical documentation for reference and reporting

Requirements

  Proven experience as a Software Developer, Software Engineer or similar role
  Familiarity with Agile development ethodologies
  Experience with software design and development in a test-driven environment
  Knowledge of coding languages (e.g. C++, Java, JavaScript) and frameworks/systems (e.g. AngularJS, Git
  Experience with databases and Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) frameworks (e.g. Hibernate)
  Ability to learn new languages and technologies
  Excellent communication skills
  Resourcefulness and troubleshooting aptitude
  Attention to detail
  BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field
  For domain in Data Warehouse, knowledge in Business intelligence tools (such as OBIEE, Cognos, etc.) is an advantage
  For domain in web development, solid technical skill in web programming such as PHP, Node.js, AJAX, JavaScript, Json, CSS, HTML, HTML5, etc. is an advantage
  For domain in App development, solid experience in Android and iOS development and knowledge in Java, Kotlin, Objective-C, Swift
  Chinese speaking preferred as working closely with Chinese consultants/partners

We regret that only Singaporean candidates will be considered for the role, due to the involvement in government projects.