Do you love creating and editing sales proposals and strategic, customer-facing communications? Are you passionate about developing clear, concise, and straightforward content for internal and external audiences? Do you have a proven track record of delivery high-quality content in a fast-paced environment? If so we would love to talk to you about joining AWS Professional Services as a Proposal/Content Developer. 
 
 
 The Role 
As a Proposal/Content Developer, you will be responsible for designing and developing innovative and high-quality customer-facing sales proposals including documents, presentations, interactive visuals, web demos etc. with focus to improve key messaging and value proposition.
In this role, you will work with AWS Professional Services customer teams  to understand the business priorities that drive the need for high-quality content. It's important that you are self-motivated and look around corners for ways to improve reader experience. We operate in a fast-paced environment, and you will need to partner with various internal and external stakeholders.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS

  Experience managing complex content projects.
  Proven skills developing customer-facing content for services sales purposes.
  Mastery of visual design and digital content development
  Mastery of verbal and written English communications.
  Strong editorial background and exceptional proofreading and content creation skills.
  Ability to prioritize and manage multiple stakeholder relationships and needs in a fast-paced environment.
  Ability to solve problems and work without close direction in ambiguous environments.
  Good judgment and effective communication.
  Able to work in a diverse team across time zones.


PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

  3+ years’ experience managing content projects of medium or high complexity.
  Experience working as part of a global team supporting multiple languages.
  Experience creating content for translation and localization.
  Experience in editorial/peer review.
  Strong attention to detail and organizational skills.
  Experience with HTML, XML, DITA, or content management systems (CMS).
  Bachelor's degree in a related field.
