Job Responsibilities

  Technical Design, Architecture and Development of applications/web systems, APIs and complex integrations including authentication and security
  To lead, guide and develop technical solutions for all applications: frameworks, application architecture and technical issues.
  Support and help the team to troubleshoot for performance, issues/problems originating from applications in development and production environment.
  Ensure that the right environments and infrastructure is available for development and testing.
  Present, coach and solve complex technical issues with team (architecture design, code review, technical documentation). Ability to demonstrate technical concepts to non-technical audiences
  Planning for tasks, progress reports, adhere to delivery schedules
  Answer technical questions, guide the client to the right technical infrastructure and engage in technical discussions with the IT and technology personnel.
  Support and help out in all technical areas as may be required from time to time.

Job Requirements

  Candidate must possess at least a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Computer Engineering or equivalent
  Minimum 5 years of working experience in Microsoft Technology including .NET, C#, MS SQL with object-oriented design and at least 2 years of experience in a solution architect role
  Excellent knowledge of software and application design and architecture with experience in design, implementation and consulting for distributed applications
  Experience in application architecture, infrastructure architecture, database architecture and networking including cloud solutions such as AWS and Azure
  Solid technical background with understanding and/or hands-on experience in areas such as virtual private clouds, big data / analytics / dashboards, data migration, SQL and stored procedures, native / web / hybrid mobile apps, responsive mobile, web portals, networking / VPN / routing
  Knowledge or experience in network administration and system administration is a plus.
  Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly. Passionate about software development
  Experience in coaching, training and guiding team in development and technical aspects
  Excellent communication skills in English
  Ability to prioritize and work under stress

Applicants are preferably Singaporean or have Singapore PR. Apply with full resume stating your current and expected salary, reason for leaving and earliest availability.