Requirements:
The candidate is expected to:

  Have a minimum of 5 years engineering experience in the areas of valves,control valves and steam application.
  Possess at least a Degree in Mechanical Engineering
  Ability to communicate effectively (written &amp; verbal) and contribute to the overall team sales
  Possess a strong positive attitude towards customer service excellence
  Conduct technical and/or product &nbsp;training to internal and external customers
  Have own vehicle which will be an advantage

Job Scope and Responsibilities:

  Act as consultant and offer workable solutions to help solve customers’ problems.
  Develop technical solutions in engineering projects from inception to completion.
  Develop strong relationships with customers as a trusted advisor to facilitate engineering solutions by visiting customers regularly, providing pre-sales &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and post sales support.
  Participate in technical discussions with the client’s engineering or maintenance teams and address any process or engineering concerns.
  Work with sales teams to interpret customer requirements, deliver solutions and manage customer expectations with the end-goal of sales in mind.
  Be able to think critically and suggest improvements that might lead to cost savings or other client benefits. Work with the sales teams and clients to advice and problem-solve during the sales process.
  Identify product improvements or new products by remaining current on industry trends, market activities, and competitors.
  Develop and deliver product demonstrations and sales presentations that explain key technical aspects of solutions that will benefit customers and &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;prospects. Effectively tailor presentations for customers and special events.
  Conduct technical and/or product training for the sales teams.
  Maintain quality service by establishing and enforcing the company’s service standards.
  Communicate and negotiate with Principals/suppliers to bring the best cost-benefits &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and solutions to customers.
  Assist to updating the company’s website to stay relevant.
