THINK. PLAY. CREATE. With Intuitive Films (Assistant Producer)
Through assisting the team with a broad range of responsibilities, you will gain insight into taking your next career step towards becoming a Producer, Writer, Director, Video Editor – or more likely, a multi-disciplinary video professional.

As our Assistant Producer, you will be an integrated team player working within a growth and people-oriented video production company that has served a wide range of corporate, commercial and government clients over the past 13 years. You will be actively learning and contributing to all aspects of production.

Apart from our internal best practices for project management, you will also get to learn directly from experienced freelancers we engage for our projects.

Join us to Influence Positive Change with The Power of Creative Video Production.

***
What Exciting Responsibilities Await You?
During the pitching &amp; pre-production stages, it’s all hands on deck &amp; you’ll be roped in to assist with research, writing, pre-interviews, location recce, casting &amp; auditions.

On shoots, you will support the Producer, Director and Crew to ensure the smooth, safe and effective running of the set. This includes logistics, welfare, transport and may also include script continuity and art.

You will assist Producers in communicating with clients from various businesses, government agencies and organizations, where you’ll be exposed to project planning, scheduling, digital marketing &amp; client management from a video production perspective.

Depending on your aptitude and learning progress, you may also be given the responsibility to take on scripting, filming, audio recording or editing roles for specific projects.
Through This Traineeship, You Will develop Your…

  People &amp; Communication skills: Video production is a people business that leverages on teamwork and clear communication.
  Resourcefulness &amp; problem-solving skills: Every project presents unique challenges that ask for creative solutions.
  Storytelling &amp; Aesthetics skills: An impactful video needs to be a combination and balance of various creative elements.
  Pre to Post Workflow knowledge: Being organised is key to ensuring projects are run on schedule and on budget.
  Professional software, tools and equipment competency: Growing your technical and digital abilities is important in staying relevant.

***

Education qualification
Diploma&nbsp;

*Trainees from related fields of study and/or with relevant work experience in communications, film, media or video will be given priority consideration.

Duration of traineeship
12 months and with the opportunity for conversion to full-time employment during or after the traineeship.

Eligibility Criteria for SGUnitedTraineeships:

  Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident; and


  Graduated or graduating in calendar year 2019 or 2020 from ITEs, polytechnics, universities, or other educational institutions (e.g. private universities and overseas institutions); or
  Graduated earlier from above institutions and completed National Service in 2019 or 2020.

***
Find out more about who you will be joining and what you will be taking on at Intuitive Films by visiting: http://www.intuitivefilms.com/