Summary
Responsible for leading our Project Management services throughout the Asia Pacific region for Key Accounts and Strategic Opportunities.  Provide technical support to the HNI sales team and dealers.

Duties &amp; Responsibilities
Provide excellent experience to our clients through smooth Project Management. Develop and build excellent relationship with Clients/ PMC/ A&amp;D.
Manage projects efficiently – conceptualize, develop project plan and establish clear ownership for project tasks. Ensure all projects are completed on time and within budget.
Oversee mock-up schedules, logistics and installations. Prepare project management milestone schedules.
Able to coordinate with all stakeholders effectively.
SOP compliance – managing weekly site meetings, proactive communication with all stakeholders, ensuring daily project progress reports, safety compliances, tracking of material, material management at site, quality check at site, handover of the project (punch list resolution, joint inspection with clients)
Develop and manage service capabilities post-handover. Execute service camps annually, resolve customer complaints within 2 days, co-ordinate with facility management teams.
Identify and qualify new service providers as per sales requirement. Manage their on-boarding and training process. Achieve project deliverables through these service providers.
Develop a strong relationship and be a trusted partner for our clients / dealers.
Establish and maintain processes that enable us to operate efficiently, accurately and professionally. Provide input to the entire organization on best practices and process improvements.
Manage our warehouse – inventory management, Stock taking, manage critical spares, weekly reports
Handling multiple projects at any given point of time in multiple countries.
Provide feedback to management and the product team on product quality.
Able to play an active role by participating in HNI Singapore events

Requirements

  Degree/Professional Diploma in Project Management/      Mechanical Engineering/ Civil Engineering
  10 years’ experience in Project Management with an      office furniture manufacturer or dealership
  Able to work independently yet collaborate      cross-functionally in a team environment.
  Good people skills
  Must be willing to travel extensively (South East Asian      region)
