RESPONSIBILITIES
1. Ensure that company policy related to Health, Safety, Security, Environment and Quality Assurance (HSEQA) issues are effectively implemented and regularly monitored for its compliance in relation to operation of the fleet vessels. To advise Corporate Compliance Manager (CCM) and Designated Person Ashore (DPA) in writing any information related to the vessel or crew’s inability to comply with ESM’s environmental measures and any other marine environmental protection requirements.
2. Oversee that all items pertaining to health, safety, security and pollution prevention are regularly checked with the aim of achieving high standards of safe and pollution free voyages and general wellbeing of all onboard the vessels.
3. Overall supervision of all Superintendents in the assigned fleet.
4. Maintains contact with Classification societies, shipyards, repair firms, industry groups, trade associations, equipment manufacturers and designers, Government bodies and other organizations that may be helpful to carry out the assigned duties and responsibilities.
5. Ensures that approved budgets are maintained by closely checking the day-to-day expenses of the vessels and by monitoring inventory control of stores and spares. Monitors performance of vessels, compliance with all applicable safety and pollution prevention regulations, certification status of vessels and ensure that vessels are always maintained in seaworthy condition and trading certificates are valid.
6. Ensures that Superintendents carry out routine vessel inspections as stipulated and submit inspection reports. Plans for carrying out dry-docking and major repairs in coordination with principals after making the cost comparison of various yards and repairers in the most efficient and cost-effective manner by directing and assisting concerned Superintendents.
7. To ensure that all technical reports as required by various Principals are timely prepared by Superintendents, checked by him and dispatched.
8. To monitor major deficiencies/defects that exist in the vessels and ensure timely corrective actions are taken in order that the vessels’ performance and safety is not jeopardized.
9. To project operating cost expenses pertaining to technical items before the yearly budgets are prepared.
10. To verify all incoming reports from the vessels and identify areas which require immediate attention and initiate/ monitor corrective actions by concerned Superintendents.
11. Closely monitor performance of all vessels and ensure that all Charter Party requirements are being fulfilled. Identify reasons for deviation if any and ensure that remedial measures are taken.
12. To ensure handling of insurance matters for his fleet ships is conducted as per guided in Technical Department Procedures. S/He shall be familiar with deductibles, claims and communications requirements of H&amp;M and P&amp;I Policy for ships under his charge in order to guide superintendents. S/He shall also ensure preparations of necessary documentation pertaining to Hull and Machinery and P&amp;I insurance claims for the vessels and forward these to the underwriters through accounts department for processing of claims.
13. To carry out periodical inspection of vessels as directed by Director/Assistant Director, Technical, prepare a detailed report; formulate an up-gradation plan and follow-up progress with the Superintendent and the vessel.
14. To instruct/ assist Superintendents prepare repair specifications and coordinate with various repair firms for effecting major repairs, if any, during the voyage without incurring delay to vessel.
15. For matters pertaining to accident handling, equipment breakdown and safety and pollution prevention aspects, act as the link between the vessel and the office.
16. To monitor the assigned fleet to ensure compliance with all the applicable legal requirements.
17. To ensure that vessels under his control (including the officers and crew members) diligently comply with the Environment Management System including the Engineering requirements.
18. To review the performance and adequacy of shipboard Equipment used for the processing of waste streams and propose any modifications, upgrades or replacements that may be necessary.
19. To ensure that observations and any recommendations resulting from an audit under this Environment Management System on his group of vessels are appropriately resolved to the satisfaction of the Corporate Compliance Manager.

JOB REQUIREMENTS
1. Degree in Engineering
2. Must have sailed on Oil Tanker or Chemical Tanker or Gas Tanker or Bulk Carrier for at least a year in the Rank of Chief Engineer.
3. Minimum 10 Years Shore Experience in Ship Management.