Job Descriptions:

  Responsible to provide technical support to QC Lab
  Provide technical support to QC Lab, with main focus on (but not limited to) Microbiology Lab. Liaise with analyst, AS&amp;T and external vendor for trouble shooting as required.
  Perform and support NCR investigation as certified investigator and provide technical input. Ensure the investigations conducted are compliance to SOP requirements. Execute CAPA programs as required.
  Responsible for managing and maintaining calibration schedule for equipment/instruments. Ensure calibration requirements and specifications are communicated to calibration providers (include internal and external). Ensure calibration are planned and execute before the calibration due date. Ensure calibration reports are reviewed against calibration requirement.
  Obtain quotation, and follow up with vendor on delivery of the purchase/service. Ensure the Goods are delivered according to plan. Ensure inventories, including equipment, tools, parts, consumables, Media, and standards are monitored to support continuous operation with minimum inventory cost.
  Perform trending for micro testing result as per schedule. Provide timely feedback to area owner if abnormality observed. Perform periodical evaluation on Micro related program (e.g. Environmental Monitoring, utilities monitoring, and product/raw material monitoring).
  Implement Kaizen, continuous improvement initiatives to improve operation productivity and quality compliance.
  Perform duties as assigned by QC manager or designee.



Job Requirements:

  Bachelor degree in Biology, Microbiology, or related scientific discipline.
  5 years work experience in medical device or pharmaceutical industry with a good understanding of cGMP, ISO, and FDA requirements
  Familiar with environmental monitoring and investigation in Aseptic processes is highly sought after.



Next Step
Prepare your updated resume (please include your current/ expected salary package with full breakdown such as base, incentives, annual wage supplement, etc.) and send your resume to terry.ng@alcon.com