As Design Director of Visual Design in R/GA Singapore, you will be responsible for creating and applying strategic and creative thinking and skills on big brand projects and new technologies and experiences designed for the Connected Age.

Here’s what you should know if you want to be a Design Director at R/GA:

You are

  One of the leaders of the R/GA Singapore’s visual team and are responsible for elevating both the level of craft and the quality of our design solutions across our clients.
  A world-class designer with impeccable craft, comfortably and consistently superb in your execution across a range of visual styles and mediums. Able to define strategic and creative points of view on Brand Character, Brand Image, and Design Themes.
  Not just a stellar designer but enjoy nurturing those who have not come as far as you. You will be mentoring a younger generation of rising designers at R/GA, helping them foster their talents, create world class creative solutions and achieve their career goals.
  A collaborator. You will collaborate closely with our tech team to develop anything from new products to real-life interactive experiences. None of this is new for you–you have years of experience working closely with programmers and creative technologists, making you more than conversational across a range of digital tools and platforms. Beyond that, you have a passion for shaping where technology is going, and the role design can play in that: in building brands, creating meaningful experiences and shaping all our futures.
  Very (very) hands-on, always perfecting the tiniest details. You lead by example and inspire by your passion. Clients can see this too and will flock to collaborate with you.
  As a visual lead, you are not just expected to, but strive to build close relationships with key stakeholders (a.k.a. your clients), demonstrating our value to them every day–both for their personal careers and their brand.

On any given day you might

  Serve as the standard bearer for client’s brand messaging and identity concept and collaborate with Copywriters, Experience Designers, Art Directors, and Tech Leads
  Nurture junior talent, providing clear direction and constructive feedback
  Work closely with producers to schedule deadlines, and resolve resource and delivery issues
  Work with Account team and Strategy team to ensure creative concepts are on brand and strategically sound
  Work closely with the ECD/CD to lead the design craft and execute the creative vision
  Present to and meet with clients of all levels
  Build creative relationships with clients

The ideal person

  Has a proven track record in both product and campaign work
  Is able to juggle multiple projects and delegate work effectively
  Has strong leadership and meditation skills, and enjoys mentoring and fostering growth of junior team members
  Can discern individual team members’ abilities and match the right people with the right work
  Is comfortable collaborating with people from different creative disciplines and teams

Seniority level

  Senior with strong leadership potential
  7+ years experience
