There’s work and there’s your life’s work.
The kind of work that has your fingerprints all over it. The kind of work you’d never compromise on.
The kind of work which surprises and delights others. You can do that kind of work at Apple.
People don’t come here to play it safe. They come here to swim in the deep end.
They want their work to add up to something.
Something big. Something that couldn’t happen anywhere else.
Join the Pacific Reseller Operations (PAC RO) team, the heartbeat of Operations at Apple. Experience the best of both worlds, working with thousands of our external Reseller Partners as well as working closely with the best minds within other functions of Operations. The RO team works in a dynamic environment as we engage Reseller Partners in Collaborative Planning, Forecasting &amp; Replenishment (CPFR) in a portfolio which adds to our multi billion dollar Channel business including Telco, Reseller and Distributor routes-to-market.
The PAC RO team is the key operations liasion with Apple’s Reseller Partners and works with our partners to ensure that the supply chain run as efficiently as possible, in order to maximise sell through across the fastest growing region globally. Join us as we blaze new grounds and grow our footprint.
This role covers Greater China, and will require Mandarin language in both spoken and written proficiencies.
Key Qualifications

  Top-notch analytical/negotiation skills
  Ability to toggle between strategic and detail orientated thinking
  Tenacious problem solving and issue resolution skills
  Excellent presentation and communication skills
  Ability to influence across multiple functional teams
  Flexibility to adapt to fast-moving and rapidly changing environments
  Ability to deliver quality work to tight deadlines
  Capacity to thrive in an environment where accountability without control is prevalent
  Strong work ethics, perseverance and flexibility
  Enthusiasm for working through ambiguity

Description

  Analyse the demand and backlog data in conjunction with customers on distribution flexibility, channel directions against inventory and sales data to drive POS in stock and maximise revenue /sell-through
  Ability to develop supply and demand forecast for selected products, reviewing supply/sell-in forecast and ensuring sufficient backlogs and credits to support the sell in forecast
  Review weekly allocation plan and ensuring supply visibility plan is communicated to partners in a timely manner Remain knowledgeable of Resellers’ performance requirements, product line and service offerings
  Act as the single point of contact for communicating operational issues and solutions to accounts
  Work with functional authorities to understand account business problems &amp; processes and work towards solutions Identify and drive account process improvement opportunities
  Active communication to Internal customers / partners on Apple order status and products
  Strengthen business relationships with our customers -- end-users, external partners, sales, and internal partners
  Knowledgeable of Apple systems and processes that impact CSR value chain
  Handle issues on RMA/DOA
  Drive and participate in New Product Introduction engagement with resellers
  Lead or participate in cross-functional initiatives/projects
  Participate in project work and User Acceptance Testing as/when required in order to implement improved systems

Education
BA/BS degree in Business or related field, MBA or equivalent degree preferred