
  Proactively seek new business opportunities – prospecting, identifying, qualifying and closing new retailer / wholesaler / distributor customers in new markets and channels across Modern Trade, General Trade and Convenience channels across Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific. &nbsp;
  Set clear objectives and develop key accounts business planning to drive penetration and growth in identified territories. Build robust long term relationships across key decision makers and various levels within customers' organizations, influencing partnerships from strength to strength.
  Support international business units Head to develop sales excellence and growth in key markets. Drive business discussions and negotiations with retailers / distributors, setting annual targets, marketing initiatives and sign, where applicable, Distributor Agreements.
  Lead data and performance analysis across categories and channels, focusing on market segmentation, consumer trends and purchasing behaviour. Align USPs to consumer needs and preferences, identifying retailer / distributor portfolio gaps, and in-market white spaces to expand.
  Prepare presentations and proposals for customers based on their needs and manage sales processes into conversion, forecasting orders and category reviews. Maximize distribution and merchandising opportunities, monitor sell-in and sell-out, manage promotional calendar and measure ROI.
  Manage and develop the sales pipeline, keep up-to-date all sales administration. Monitor within target accounts, our competitors’ pricing strategy, activities and products. Ability to handle sales objection, proactively manage and resolve issues to ensure customer satisfaction and customer success.
  Work closely with cross-functional teams in HQ and international offices, internal and external stakeholders to drive business objectives and customer service delivery. Propose demand-led NPD to differentiate our product offerings, aligning with Marketing, R&amp;D, Creative, Finance and Supply Chain.
  FMCG/CPG background with minimum 3 years Key Account Management experience of retailers / distributors.
  Regional exposure to APAC or global markets is highly desirable. Fluency in English, additional language(s) a bonus.
  Proven track record of business development with well-developed negotiation, people, communications and presentation skills.
