Design, Sales and Marketing Executive #SGUnitedTraineeships

Traineeship Description:

  This position reports directly to the managing director and interfaces with company managers in the new development of Ecommerce business in the company. Trainee will research, design and develop various digital marketing and sales strategies for products and services. Implements marketing plans and works to meet sales quotas. Tracks marketing and sales data and &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;identifies areas of improvement.

Specific responsibilities:

  Assistance in Digital Marketing Campaign
  Assistance in managing various e-commerce platforms
  Provision of sales services to the customers of the company
  Assistance in daily stores operation
  Company-wide committee facilitation and participation in meeting
  Employee safety, welfare, wellness and health reporting
  Provide direct support to employees during implementation of HR services, policies and programs

Trainee will learn:

  The whole end to end process of e-commerce from product listing to last mile delivery.
  Digital marketing which includes copywriting, content creation, digital ads management, marketing budgeting, etc.
  Market Research
  Executing sales techniques and customers’ objection handling
  Understand daily operation of physical retail store
  How to engage employees and external stakeholders professionally

We are committed in promoting the concept that our employees are our most valuable resource and will be treated as such. We enable all employees to contribute at optimum levels toward the success of the business and their individual career by emphasising on entrepreneur mindset, self-improvement, and self-learning capability.

***Individuals from any field of study are welcome to apply. However, we appreciate driven individuals who are eager to learn and possess an open mind. Therefore, hard-work and proactiveness are mandatory traits we expect from the trainees.

***With the right mindset, we believe that nothing is impossible. Opportunities will certainly be presented to the trainees for them to soar above and beyond our expectation.