Do you love food and convenience put together? Then you just might love foodpanda.
foodpanda (small ‘f’) is the world’s favourite way to order food online. With hundreds of restaurants ready to receive orders via our website and mobile app, no one should have to suffer from the lack of variety or long queues to enjoy great food.
We are currently seeking a Regulatory Compliance Manager based in Singapore for our fintech business that will be regulated under the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) under the Payment Services Act (PS Act). This is a newly created role to ensure compliance to the new PS act. We are a fast expanding company with good growth potential and are looking for an experienced compliance professional to join the company.
You will be part of the global Governance, Risk and Compliance team, but be based in the local Singapore business team.
Worldwide the GRC team works on three main activities including designing and implementing pragmatic internal controls in the business level processes, whilst also improving upon the existing processes. Identification of risk and management of risks that could impact on the businesses key objective. Managing the compliance program by implementing policies and procedures designed to prevent and detect violations of applicable law, regulations, rules and ethical standards by employees, agents and others.
Responsibilities

  Partnering closely with senior management and internal stakeholders, the key role is to support the business provide advice and timely information on all compliance and risk matters (including but not limited to money laundering and terrorist financing identified risks and related action plans)
  Acting as the liaison officer with the local regulatory and supervisory authorities (e.g. MAS), taking the role of Project Manager during the application process for the license under the PS Act
  Establishing and maintaining an effective compliance risk management and control system, including AML/CFT and Sanctions monitoring and reporting. Perform due diligence and provide comprehensive analysis on relevant parties as required
  Identify, Assess and understand the ML/TF risks including emerging or new ML/TF risks
  Develop and implement policies, procedures and controls for the effective management of ML/ TF Risks such as Know Your Customer (KYC), Transaction monitoring, Screening, Suspicious transactions reporting; and Record keeping under MAS Notices and Guidelines for Payment Service Providers
  Work with tech and product teams in assessing and mitigating technology risk and regulatory risks
  Evaluate internal controls and anti-money laundering compliance programs for the company through transaction analysis and compliance reviews.
  To facilitate internal and external compliance audits together with local GRC; and to liaise with third party consultants for audit or compliance matters, where necessary
  Maintain a robust compliance monitoring programme and perform risk assessment on a periodic basis
  Monitor AML/CFT industry developments and keep updated of new regulations in Singapore MAS website for list of UN sanctions, and ensure processes are in place to keep the business updated on such developments. Analyse information on legal and regulatory trends and the impact these have on Company’s AML/CFT framework
  Be the contact point for receiving, reviewing and filing Suspicious Transaction Reports (STRs)
  Conduct training for all compliance matters to management and staff
  Prepare, submit or review reports on a periodic basis. This may include monthly and quarterly management and financial reports; or any other ad hoc reports required by management and/or the regulatory authorities

Requirements

  Degree in Accountancy or Finance, or relevant professional qualification in financial services, audit or risk
  Minimum 5 years of relevant experience in compliance roles (relating to KYC/AML) in financial services/financial technology/financial consulting firms, of which 2 years should be in a commercial/corporate setting. Direct experience in compliance in the Payments, Fintech or Financial Services industry would be advantageous, previous experience in working with the MAS/facilitating a license application is a plus
  Possess expert knowledge of MAS regulatory obligations in Singapore, including AML/Counter Terrorist Financing/Sanctions regulatory requirements. Knowledge of other requirements such as Conduct and Technology Risk Management is a plus
  KYC and Transaction Monitoring experience is a must
  Accreditation in CAMS (Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist) is a plus
  Ability to work with global teams on compliance procedures or best practices
  Able to articulate fluently and is assertive with good interpersonal, analytical, and writing skills
  Familiar with payment services and/or strong interest in emerging financial technology
  Compliance solution-oriented yet commercially minded
  Hands on and able to work autonomously

What We Offer

  A team that you will learn from and an environment that wants to grow your professional skill-set
  A vibrant and international team with diverse background
  A great working atmosphere with regular company and team events
  Responsibility from day one in a fast growing and global company
  Free food on Thursdays!
