Project Management

  Participates in the delivery of projects to ensure that project targets are met. This includes conducting user requirement analysis, participating in solution design, planning and executing testing, deploying solution to the production environment.
  Creates and/or reviews project artefacts and deliverables to ensure quality and that they follow guidelines and polices.
  Manages procurement activities, preparation and publishing tender specifications, evaluating and recommending potential solutions and/or vendors, contract management.
  Liaises closely with business users and build good rapport.
  Liaises closely with vendors to ensure successful delivery of products and/or services in accordance to contract.

Maintenance and Support

  Accountable for the successful provision of on-going application maintenance and support to ensure SLAs are met.
  Oversees and/or provide maintenance and support of applications, including amongst others, the delivery of enhancements and bug fixes, managing of service requests, and troubleshooting of problems.
  Creates, update and/or reviews systems artefacts and deliverables to ensure quality and NUS guidelines and polices are met.
  Performs systems and data analysis including analysing existing system/program logic difficulties, and revising the logic and procedures as necessary.
  Handles audit queries, and ensures audit and security compliance are met.
  Liaises closely with business users and build good rapport.
  Works closely with business users in annual IT project planning and enhancement prioritization.
  Liaises closely with vendors to ensure successful provision of support and maintenance in accordance to contract.

Qualifications

  Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent.
  3 years within IT industry, inclusive of experience in technical and project management roles.
  Entry level graduates with strong technical capabilities, good communications skills and a strong desire to learn are welcome to apply.
  Familiar with Cloud, Mobile, .NET, Java and browser based technologies.
  Good grasp of IT technologies, methodologies, architectures, and best practices.
  Strong business process and analytical skills with the ability to assimilate information quickly, and communicate complex requirements and issues clearly and concisely.
  Strong oral, written and interpersonal communication skills with the ability to interact and communicate effectively with all levels of management, users and vendors.
  Must be a good team player, proactive in nature, fast learner, highly organized and positive attitude.
  Certification in PMP or CITPM will be an added advantage.
  Experience in Higher Education industry is a bonus.
