Programme Summary
In conjunction with Workforce Singapore, NTU offer traineeships to support the SGUnited Traineeships Programme.

The Traineeships are part of NTU's efforts to create relevant and meaningful traineeship opportunities for our nation’s new graduates entering the workforce during this difficult time.

About the School
Art, design and media are indispensable disciplines for research-intensive universities at the forefront of the Fourth Industrial Revolution. They are also rich in history, bequeathing us complex aesthetic, creative, imaginative and innovative legacies.
At ADM future ready curricula in ‘Design Art’ and ‘Media Art’ pull past and present together, and are delivered by an international faculty drawn from over twenty different countries. With their guidance our students come to fully appreciate that learning is the natural consequence of thinking and experimentation; that understanding has to be patiently acquired through trial and error; and that facing a challenge without a rulebook is an opportunity, not a crisis. In fact these assumptions that have always been associated with art, design and media throughout its long history are now valued as the indispensable ‘hard skills’ of tomorrow.
The seamless interlocking of hard and soft sciences; the planning for a future with a knowledge of, and respect for, the past; and the insistence on creating a more equitable, sustainable and beautiful world, is the embodiment of the priorities of the STEAM alliance (Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts, Mathematics) that drives ADM. Its successful implementation has led to our recognition as one of the top art, design and media schools in the world, and has ensured that our graduates excel within, and far beyond, Singapore.

Job Description

  Assist in duties related to research administration (such as but not limited to , pre and post award, management of research funding, etc.)
  Support PI and research Manager on continued development of ongoing research project
  Participate in data collection for research reporting
  Compiling and Filing of material related to research project
  Any other ad-hoc research activities in ADM"

Requirements

  Bachelor degree in economics, finance, administration or management
  Meticulous with details and procedures
  Possesses empathy and active listening skills to communicate with different stakeholders
  Ability to grasp new systems quickly and possesses good problem solving skills
  Knowledge on project management, human resource and university’s finance policies, would be ideal

Apply at NTU career portal

https://ntu.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Careers/job/Trainee--Research-Administration---SGUnitedTraineeships-_R00002343
