The  Information Technology Shared Services department provides IT support to A*STAR  and its Research Institutes through innovative and integrated exploitation of  Information Technology.
We  are looking for motivated account managers for  the A*STAR ITSS Department. Key responsibilities include:

1. IT-related Procurement &amp;  Budgeting:
a. Communicate Research Entities IT budget  requirements to ITSS’s Procurement Team and vice versa (for Capex, Opex, and OOE  items).
b. Communicate finalized IT budget and  Procurement process to Research Entities.
c. Help to monitor monthly and annual IT  budget utilization for Research Entities.
d. Help to ensure approved IT budgets are  properly utilized and tracked.
2. IT  and Cyber Security Policies:
a. Communicate IT and cyber security  policies between Research Entities and ITSS’s Security &amp; Policy  Team.
b. Help to ensure Research Entities comply  with all IT policies, examples are IM8, A*STAR IT Policies, GovTech IT Policies,  End-user Acceptable Use Policies, etc.
3. IT  Infrastructure:
a. Need to have an understanding of network  designing and setup of the corporate IT Infrastructure.
b. Be  able to propose and setup IT solutions to comply with corporate directions, like  Virtual Machines, Storage On Demand (SOD), SingAREN, etc.
c. Be  familiar with IT systems, platforms, and data centre operations to support  Research Entities’ emails and corporate e-resources’  needs.
4. Explore New IT  Technologies:
a. To  keep abreast with new IT Technologies and strategies by attending courses.,  seminars and conferences.
b. To  conduct Proof-of-Concept activities with IT vendors and ITSS teams, to identify  and exploit new capabilities and features of emerging IT technologies, to assist  in digitalization efforts of the Research Entities.
5. Single Point of Contact for IT  issues:
a. Facilitate the continuous communication  and engagement between ITSS and Research Entities, sharing of updates and  obtaining feedbacks/concerns.
b. Timely escalation of IT problems/issues  and gathering of ITSS resources to support the problem  resolutions.
c. Articulate the ITSS Service Offerings  and SLAs in A*STAR’s intranet (“A*CONNECT”) with Research Entities to ensure  end-users’ expectations are managed and met using limited IT  resources.

JOB  REQUIREMENTS

· Background in  IT management, infrastructure, cybersecurity, and/or security  management
· At  least 5 to 7 years of prior experience in relevant areas
· Strong interpersonal skills, and has  experience in IT relationship management
· Strong written and verbal communication  skills
· Able to work with multi-disciplinary  teams to deliver results effectively and efficiently