JOB  DESCRIPTION

The  Network Engineer will support the A*STAR network operation and project  activities, involving in technical design, engineering, integration, acceptance  testing and commissioning as well as operation support. You  will need to liaise with all relevant internal and external parties to ensure  timely completion and implementation of projects in line with customers'  requirements, schedule and budget.

We  are looking for a dedicated, motivated officer to:

  Provide  2nd level of technical support and solutions, with the ability to  think independently and customize, develop designs to meet business requirements

  Design  state-of-the-art network solutions in line with reference architectural  standards and principles to meet dynamic scalable business  requirements/expansions.

  Practice  network asset management, including maintenance of network component inventory  and related documentation and technical specifications information

  Deploy  enterprise LANs, WANs, and wireless networks, routers, switches, and other  network hardware

  Create  and maintain documentation as per defined SOP

  Participate  and lead incident and problem resolution and cause analysis.

  Monitor  network performance and provide statistics and reports.

  Collaborate  with executive management and department leads to assess near- and long-term  network capacity needs


JOB  REQUIREMENTS

  At  least 3-5 years of strong IT network data communications experience with  in-depth hands-on in Wireless, LAN and WAN, such as platforms: Cisco, Infoblox  etc.

  Experience  on LAN/WAN solutions in an Enterprise campus network or Data Centre environment  would be advantageous.

  In-depth  knowledge of networking technologies, protocols and tools such as Layer 2  technologies (Spanning tree, VxLAN), IP routing protocols (BGP, OSPF), DNS, NTP,  DHCP etc.

  Network  certifications, such as CCNP.

  Strong  communications and written skills in English.

  Excellent  problem solving skills in a multi-tasking, fast-paced and complex work  environment.

  Ability  to work in a team and independently.

