The incumbent is to act as the key administrator to support the Singapore Primary Care Cancer Network (SPriNT).This multi-institutional, research-centric collaborative initiative aims to establish a network of local and international partners, from Australia, Hong Kong and Malaysia, to work on various aspects of cancer care in primary care.
Duties &amp; Responsibilities
1. Research Initiatives

  Support the Network to determine the research agenda. Map out the key research focus areas, identify the leaders and partners and form multi-disciplinary teams to tackle their respective research problems.
  Support new research projects through defining methodologies, designing surveys, collating and analysing data.
  Support the various stakeholders in writing and submitting grants and ethics board applications to secure funding for their research projects.

2. Training Initiatives:

  Support in scoping out the training required for primary care physicians to enhance their understanding of the role they play in improving cancer patients' care in the primary care setting.
  Support in planning, developing and organising workshops, overseas experts' visits and annual Keynote Event to train the primary care physicians.

3. Outreach and Engagement Initiatives:

  Organise outreach and engagement sessions with the GPs in the NUHS Primary Care Network to increase their awareness of the expertise required to carry out cancer screening and treatment in their clinics.
  Work closely with NGOs such as Singapore Cancer Society to increase cancer screening awareness through effective initiatives implemented in the 3 health clusters.

4. Secretariat Duties:

  Manage the Network's overarching project timeline to ensure it is on track to achieve its main objectives.
  Track the progress of the Network's key performance indicators and manage the Network's budget. Prepare and submit periodic reports to update senior management and stakeholders.
  Secretariat duties such as organising monthly Network meetings, managing the Network's HR, financial, procurement matters etc.
  Any other duties as assigned by the Network to promote its research, training, outreach and engagement activities.

Qualifications

  PhD in biomedical, health or social sciences with at least 5 years of working experience, preferably in Oncology research in the Singapore healthcare system
  Possess quantitative and qualitative research skills
  Experience in managing research projects
  Excellent communication skills: both written and oral
  Strong team player with a high degree of professionalism and initiative
