What we do
Coda Payments (https://www.codapay.com/) helps Google, Tencent, and other leading digital content providers monetise their products in places where credit and debit cards aren’t widely used. We establish partnerships with a wide range of alternative payment channel operators who make it possible for customers to pay in other ways: paying cash at retail, using a mobile wallet, making a bank transfer, or redeeming a prepaid card.
Coda also allows publishers to accept payments through these various methods on their own website or at our gaming e-commerce site - codashop.com.

What it is like to be in our team
Life at Coda is fast-paced: our instinct is to bite off a bit more than we can chew, so we’re always busy. As a rapidly growing startup, we’re always ready to keep up and adapt to changes quickly; when we go fast, we have shorter time to react.
We’re always impatient and we don’t wait for things to happen; we hustle to make them happen. If you’re someone who is tired of waiting for your ideas to be heard; someone who is hungry to contribute more; someone who derives more satisfaction from team wins rather than from individuals ones; and someone who values integrity rather than cutting corners - you will fit perfectly into the Coda team!

Responsibilities
This position is responsible for the deployment and maintenance of a cloud-based payment gateway and ecommerce site. Responsible for deploying, automating, maintaining, troubleshooting and improving the systems that keep the backend infrastructure running smoothly. The role requires you to have hands-on technical experience and a can-do approach towards environment automation / management and continuous improvement.

  Deploying, automating, maintaining and managing AWS cloud based production system,
to ensure the availability, performance, scalability and security of productions systems.
  Build, release and configuration management of production systems
  System troubleshooting and problem solving across platform and application domains.
  Suggesting architecture improvements, recommending process improvements.

Requirements

  AWS: 2+ years’ experience with using a broad range of AWS technologies (e.g. EC2,
RDS, ELB, EBD, S3, VPC, Glacier, IAM, CloudWatch, KMS) to develop and maintain an
Amazon AWS based cloud solution, with an emphasis on best practice cloud security.
  DevOps: Solid experience as a DevOps Engineer in a 24x7 uptime Amazon AWS
environment, including automation experience with configuration management tools.
  Scripting Skills: Strong scripting (e.g. Python) and automation skills.
  Operating Systems: Windows and Linux system administration.
  Monitoring Tools: Experience with system monitoring tools (e.g. Nagios).
  Problem Solving: Ability to analyze and resolve complex infrastructure resource and
application deployment issues.

If you're looking for a rapid-growth environment and great teams to work with, you should apply now.
We're sorry to inform that only the shortlisted candidates will be notified as we may be overwhelmed by the number of applicants that go into our system, hence if you do not get a reply from us - don't give up on us just yet!
We encourage you to also check out our career site at https://codapayments.bamboohr.com/jobs/ - we may have other suitable openings for you.