Traineeship Description:
As a Trainee BIM Engineer / Consultant you will be trained on BIM software &amp; processes , mentored by senior BIM Consultants, You will be associated with the respective Senior Consultant’s project and start supporting the Design / Construction and Engineering team on one or more projects using your expertise in Building Information Modeling (BIM). You will be responsible for BIM Modelling, BIM Based Coordination, Shop drawing production from BIM. After successful completion of training and mentorship you will be promoted as Junior BIM Engineer and you will be required to support projects independently.

Specific Responsibilities:
Trainee to be involved in:
1. BIM Modelling, Coordination and Management for Large Design and Construction Projects
2. Collect, integrate, and audit BIM/CAD data and processes as defined in the BIM/CAD Requirements, design codes and authority regulation.
3. Audit model and BIM data to ensure data integrity and consistency
4. Trouble-shoot &amp; resolve BIM issues pertaining to BIM projects
5. Manage model data to facilitate model coordination between multiple disciplines and sub-contractors
6. Participate as an observer and auditor role for our customer in project BIM meetings
7. Collaborate and communicate with multiple disciplines and sub-contractors to deliver and/or manage BIM/CAD data
8. Generate progress &amp; status reports for BIM/CAD projects
9. Support and educate the customer’s team to utilize BIM data

Technical Skills and Competencies Trainee will learn during SGUnited Traineeship Programme:
1. BIM Modelling
2. BIM Based Coordination
3. Shop drawing production from BIM

Education Qualifications Required for the Traineeship Role:
Degree

Eligibility Criteria for SGUnitedTraineeships:
•Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident; and
a.Graduated or graduating in calendar year 2019 or 2020 from ITEs, polytechnics, universities, or other educational institutions (e.g. private universities and overseas institutions); or
b.Graduated earlier from above institutions and completed National Service in 2019 or 2020.