Job description
  The Cooks should be able to make sure that the kitchen is a well-oiled machine, preparing food, and managing the kitchen staff to make sure food is prepared quickly and as delicious as possible, and enforcing food safety standards.
  The Cooks should be able to prepare and cook food, and know all styles of cooking done in the kitchen, in particular being able to keep the standard of cooking with self-sufficient when Head Chef is away.
  The Cooks could also be responsible for overseeing the kitchen staff, which may involve scheduling or dealing with personnel conflict.
  The Cooks could also be in charge of day-to-day operations, helping the Head Chef in scheduling, ordering and cook.
Job Skills &amp; Requirements
  Knowledge skills
The Cooks should have knowledge of all recipes created by the Head Chef and be able of using all ingredients in an efficient and creative way.
  Leadership skills
The Cooks from time to time could be in charge of the entire kitchen, from the dishwasher to the other cooks according to designated task defined the Head Chef. Being a good leader, who can assign tasks and motivate all workers in a high stress environment.
  Hand-Eye Coordination
All cooks work with knives and must have excellent technique when cutting and preparing food. An hand-eye coordination is needed.
  Sense of Taste and Smell
Delicious food brings in customers. The cooks is the last line of defense to make sure each piece of food is safe, prepared correctly and tasty. Tasting is a must.
  Time Management skills
Kitchens get busy quickly, food can get ruined easily if you cannot manage your time. Great time management will help you avoid burned or spoiled food and angry customers.
Experience Requirements
  Experience in kitchen is our key requirement. However, appropriated professional training courses are also an indication of how well prepared could be the candidate for the job.
  Knowledge on Mediterranean food cooking can also be a consideration. If you had past experience on Mediterranean food, please highlight it with detail.