Job Descriptions:


  Co-ordinate and be present to supervise all lifting activities in accordance with the lifting plan.
  Ensure that only registered and appointed crane operator, certified signal and rigger participate in any lifting &nbsp;operation involving the use of any cranes.
  Check and ensure proper ground conditions are suitable and safe for any lifting operations.
  Ensure that crane operators conduct daily checks of their assigned lifting machines and appliances prior to the start of their work-shift.
  Brief all crane operators, riggers and signalmen on the safe lifting procedures in place.
  Check the validity of lifting machine certificate by Approved Person and maintenance inspection program.
  Ensure that safe lifting procedures are in order for any lifting operation.
  If unsafe conditions are reported, to take suitable measures to rectify the conditions so that the lifting operation can be conducted safely.
  In any situation where immediate rectification cannot be done, ensure that all necessary measures are taken to make the situation and area safe before reporting to his supervisor.
  Wear reflective vest and/or any other PPE specified by the company to be identified as a lifting supervisor during lifting operation.
  Attend daily tool box meeting with supervisors and workers for effective consultation, communication and coordination before commencement of work.
  Ensure compliance to relevant government regulations and company’s quality, safety, health and environmental (QSHE) policies, practices and procedures at all times.
  Perform any other tasks as may be assigned by the supervisor

Requirements:


  Minimum 2 years relevant experience in a marine or related industry.
  Technical/Vocational certificate.
  Completed WSQ Rigging and Signalman course.
  Completed Lifting Supervisors Safety course
  Completed Shipyard Safety Supervisor course.
  Good supervisory, communication skills.
  A team player with the ability to work independently as well as in a team.
  Willing to work in Jurong Island
  Working experience in Exxonmobil will be an advantage

Email your relevant certificates and full detail CV with expected salary to gnchr@groups.com.
Only shortlisted candidate will be notified.