Do you love food and convenience put together? Then you just might love foodpanda.
foodpanda is the leading, on-demand food delivery company in APAC, bringing thousands of your best loved restaurants online into your home or office - fast! We’re all about bringing on the smartest people as we continue to grow with an “all hands on deck” environment and hire those who can thrive in a startup culture.

We are looking for a highly-driven and motivated Head of Talent Acquisition (TA) APAC to join our regional team. If you are looking for a place where you can gain hands-on exposure and have a direct impact, then this may be the place for you!
As Head of Talent Acquisition (TA) APAC, you will lead a talent acquisition team of full-cycle recruiters and coordinators partnering to deliver high quality talent across multiple core business functions at foodpanda.
In partnership with the People team, the successful candidate will be responsible for optimizing the talent acquisition structure and processes, growing the capabilities of the talent acquisition team, building a unique employment brand and an engaging candidate experience; and being a true advisor to business leaders.

What's on your menu:

  Manage, lead and develop a current team of ~8 cross-functional talent acquisition professionals through mentorship and coaching
  Based on defined metrics and goals, determine the right resource allocation and ratio of talent partners and associates with the business.
  Create and share best practices within your team, as well as broadly within the organization to ensure that foodpanda’s recruiting is highly effective and valued.
  Be an trusted advisor, and coach to senior business leaders on:
  Recruitment and talent / workforce strategies; including learning opportunities for hiring managers, ensuring best and leading-edge practices.
  Effective interviewing strategies and value of both in-house and search firm capabilities.
  In conjunction with other members of the People team, bring clarity to organizational design, compensation structure and role design needs for both internal and external talent
  As a skilled and top recruiter, lead a Executive recruitment efforts for the APAC region and support TA efforts across multiple functions
  Both you and your team will build robust talent pipelines that tap into targeted universities, companies, regions and technical communities.
  Create an exceptional candidate experience that represents foodpanda’s employee experience
  Strong presenter, demonstrating the aptitude of communicating clearly and effectively to upper management and all levels across departments

What do you bring to the table:
Significant in-house experience, at least 8-10 years in Talent Acquisition Leadership role with an ability to handle high volume, niche and complex positions in Asia Pacific especially Singapore

  10 plus years of professional experience that includes:
    
      5 years leading talent acquisition in a fast growing business
      5 years of experience leading a team
    
  
  Proven ability to play “high and low”, operating at both a strategic and tactical level with ease and often
  Gets things done, with both a short and long-term view in mind
  Pragmatic and outcome-oriented, leveraging data to make decisions
  Thrives in a fast-paced, agile environment with exceptional organizational skills and ability to re-prioritize on a consistent basis
  Highly collaborative with people with the ability to build relationships quickly
  Influential to executives, colleagues and peers
