The Senior Project / Systems Engineer will run projects and provide support for Integrated Security and Monitoring Systems (Access Control, Biometric, CCTV, Intercom, PA, etc) based on client’s requirements. 
He will report to the General Manager.

Systems Design and Project Management:

  Develop project objectives by reviewing project proposals and plans, conferring with management.
  Determine project responsibilities by identifying project phases and elements.
  Determine project specifications by studying product design, customer requirements, and performance standards; completing technical studies; preparing cost estimates.
  Determine project schedule by studying project plan and specifications; calculating time requirements; sequencing project elements, to derive effort estimates.
  Maintain project schedule by monitoring project progress; coordinating activities; resolving problems.
  Control project plan by reviewing design, specifications, and plan and schedule changes; recommending actions.
  Control project costs by reviewing expenditures and / or contractor contracts.
  Prepare project status reports by collecting, analysing, and summarizing information and trends, recommending actions.

Implementation, Coordination and Maintenance:

  Supervise and perform installation, troubleshooting, and preventive and corrective maintenance of systems and equipment at remote client sites when required.
  Ability to provide advice to engineers / contractors on technical issues
  Maintain safe and clean working environment by enforcing procedures, rules, and regulations.
  Maintain product and company reputation by complying with government regulations.

Technical Competencies:

  Possess good understanding of Computer, Network, Communication Protocol and Electrical Systems.
  Structured cabling including fibre / copper, patch panels, test tools for fibre and copper. Knowledge of standards and the application of the various types of cabling.
  Network (Certified in Cisco router, switches and/or Firewall) – understanding of networking concepts is crucial.
  Certified in Microsoft Windows Server – install, configure, and troubleshoot.
  Able to write and adjust technical / management documentation and presentation.
  Able to manage and multi-task all critical programs and projects.
  Able to achieve specific results from general direction.
  3 – 5 years of relevant experience in related industries.
  Diploma or bachelor’s degree in IT or Engineering related field.

Attributes:

  Candidate must be willing to work extended time to meet project datelines, and to perform standby duty.
