1. Prepare and submit a Site Environmental Control Programme to the occupier of the construction site at least three weeks before work commences on the worksite on deadline for the occupier to submit the Site Environmental Control Programme to the Director-General of Public Health;
2. Inspect the construction site to ensure all facilities and equipment relevant to the maintenance of environmental health are in proper working condition and do not pose any environmental health hazard;
3. Point out and discuss environmental health irregularities such as mosquito and fly breeding, rodent infestation, noise/ dust/ smoke/water pollution, poor housekeeping, earth littering, poor refuse management, poor maintenance of sanitary facilities, etc. with the occupier of the construction site and recommend measures to rectify such irregularities;
4. Attend to all feedback on such irregularities and inform the occupier of the construction site accordingly;
5. Report and submit a Site Environmental Control Report to the occupier of the construction site once every fortnight, on the 1st and 15th of the month;
6. Assist the authorities to investigate outbreaks of infectious, vector borne or food-borne diseases on the construction site;
7. Organize campaigns, training courses and other activities to develop and sustain the interest of workers in maintaining good environmental health standards in the construction site.
8. The Environmental Control Officer (ECO) is responsible for introducing Environmental Awareness to all Workers / Staff at Site.
9. The role of an ECO is to advise the occupier of the construction site on what needs to be done.
10. The ECO shall look out for conditions/ situations in construction site which causes environmental health problems or are likely to cause environmental health problems. He should report these conditions/ situations to the occupier of the construction site together with recommendations on remedial measures to be taken to prevent recurrence. The main areas where the ECO should pay attention to are:
 Disease-bearing insects and rodents;
 Proper disposal of construction waste/ marine clay;
 Noise, air and water pollution;
 Earth littering;
 Siltation of drains;
 Food hygiene in canteens;
 Proper maintenance of septic tank(s)/ holding tank(s), chemical/ portable toilet(s) and other sanitary facilities; and
Any other environmental health matters, such as wash bays, silt traps etc.

Requirements:
 Registered ECO with at least 5 years full time ECO experience in Oil &amp; Gas / Petrochemical Projects
 With Certificate of Environment Management Systems Auditor/ Lead Auditor
 Experience in managing a construction site Earth Control Measure
 Noise monitoring certificate
. Good Communication Skills