Home Affairs Services (ICA) Direct-Entry Sergeant
SAFEGUARD THE NATION
As a HAS (ICA) Direct-Entry Sergeant, you are responsible for the implementation and enforcement of the laws, regulations and policies of the various work of the Department. Your duties and responsibilities include the screening of passports and passengers on arrival and departure, participation in operations against smugglers, investigations, and conducting of raids against illegal immigrants.

Entry Requirements

  Physically Fit
  Normal Colour Vision
  Possess qualities of leadership, initiative and versatility
  Singapore Citizen

Starting Salary

Diploma (5 local polytechnics / NAFA / LASALLE)
$2,230 to $2,562

GCE ‘A’ Level (including pass in GP / KI) / IB Diploma / NUS High School Diploma
$2,040 to $2,562

Higher Nitec / Nitec / GCE ‘O’ Level
$1,670 to $1,974

*Starting salary will vary according to assessment during interview, relevant/useful work experiences and completion of Full-Time National Service.

$8,000 Sign-on Bonus
Eligible Direct-Entry Sergeants (Diploma holders of local polytechnics/NAFA/LASALLE/IB or GCE 'A' Level holders) will receive a sign-on bonus, with $3,000 paid upon signing on and $5,000 upon confirmation after one-year probation. There will be a bond of 2 years for the sign-on bonus, effective from the date of appointment.

Retention Payouts
Direct-Entry Sergeants can expect to receive attractive retention payouts. Payments will be made in the 3rd and 5th years of service, and range from $6,000 to $10,000.

Benefits

  14 - 18 days vacation leave
  Medical &amp; dental subsidies
  Group Life insurance
  Sponsorship for continuous education
  Use of government holiday bungalows
  Subsidies for sports and recreation activities
  Performance and annual bonuses
  Marriage / Child benefits
  Birthday vouchers

Training
You will undergo an 16-week non-residential ICA Basic Course (Sergeant) at the Home Team Academy, which will equip officers with the knowledge and skills to perform their duties. 

Training includes:

  Document examination &amp; forgery detection
  People, goods and vehicle screening
  Profiling techniques
  Law and legislation
  Firearms training
  Control and restraint techniques
  Attachment at Checkpoints, Enforcement Division and Services Centres
  Home Team Basic Course

Job Deployment
Upon graduation from training school, you will be placed under a posting framework designed to provide you with exposure to the different aspects of border security and identification functions. You will be deployed at Checkpoints to work on three shifts. You are also required to wear uniform while on duty.

Foundational Posting
Your first posting will be at one of the Commands, i.e. Woodlands, Tuas or Coastal Command. 

Developmental Posting
After your foundation posting, you will be deployed to other Checkpoints or Divisions where you will be given opportunities to perform specialised functions such as profiling, participation in operations against smugglers, investigation and conducting of raids against illegal immigrants.