1. Traineeship Description
This position reports directly to the management and work as part of the company’s consulting team. At YNL 360 Pte Ltd (Stendard), we believe that quality is everyone’s business because it takes a team to consistently deliver and uphold great standards that build confidence with customers, partners and the community. We are a regulatory consultancy and technology company that helps businesses implement international standards, streamline business processes across the organisation, and accelerate global growth. Our vision is to put quality at the centre of your business and make it easier.
2. Specific Responsibilities
Regulatory Affairs Consultancy

  To perform gap analysis and develop regulatory strategies for client’s products based on target markets (e.g., Singapore HSA, EU CE Marking, US FDA, ASEAN countries).
  Support the client’s product development team from the regulatory aspects throughout design and development phases, including design planning, inputs, outputs, verification and validation.
  Support client with protocol writing, pre-clinical, clinical validation and data collection.
  Work with client to develop the design, risk management, medical device files and technical dossiers for regulatory submission.

Marketing Support

  Build and manage online content that attracts target audience (including blog posts, website, infographics, ebooks, reports, whitepapers, videos and etc).
  Manage marketing channels by distributing posts via blogs, social media (LinkedIn), and e-mailers (via Mailchimp subscribers or other methods).
  Develop marketing material (online and offline), including brochures, EDM (require photos or gifs), videos and etc.
  Monitor online analytics to track inbound marketing activities and its effectiveness to translate into sales, and refine for improvement.
  Monitor software users on trial accounts and arranging for the Sales team to contact users for lead conversion.
  Support management in customer leads tracking and follow-up actions.

3. Competencies

  Active participation in meetings with the Management and team to plan marketing strategy and execution, as well as e-learning courses roll-out.
  Learn to be a project manager and handle tight timeline and deliverables.
  Learn to measure marketing outcomes based on different channels and contents published.
  Part of the exciting team to translate market feedback and learning into new Stendard Solution™ software offering/features as continuous innovation.

4. Education Qualifications Required for the Traineeship Role

  University Degree

5. Eligibility Criteria for SGUnitedTraineeships:

  Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident; and
  Graduated or graduating in calendar year 2019 or 2020 from ITEs, polytechnics, universities, or other educational institutions (e.g. private universities and overseas institutions); or
  Graduated earlier from above institutions and completed National Service in 2019 or 2020.
