Job Description
 To assist DC Facility Manager to govern the facility operation of Data Centres and remote buildings IT Rooms.
 Management of Data Centre and remote building IT space power and space Capacity (including cable containment), Planning and Provisioning
 Track, record, report and manage all equipment move-in and move-out of the data centres with proper approval. e.g. assign rack for new equipment move-in, move out from rack
 Manage outsourced facility vendors and Data Centre landlord
 Provide onsite supervision for all critical facility maintenance.
 Respond to incidents following the standard incident response procedure &amp; track till closure
 Liaise with DC/Building landlord to ensure optimal operation of electricity, HVAC and monitoring environments within Mission Critical IT facilities in Data Centre and remote buildings.
 Familiar with Structured Cabling system and its related components
 Assist on cabling request and ensure quality Structured Cabling installation through close supervision of cabling installer
 To generate reports to management
 To backfill when 24x7 L1 facility engineers require assistance

Desired Skills, Knowledge and Experience
 Minimum 5 years Data Centre facilities management and project experience.
 Experience working in a high-pressured environment with 24x7 on-call responsibilities
 Strong understanding of incident, problem and change management procedures based on ITIL best practices
 Must be experienced in the operation, maintenance &amp; repair of infrastructure including but not limited to power distribution, emergency generators, UPS systems, PDU's, chillers, pumps, CRAC units, Building Automation System, along with other components related to Power &amp; HVAC support.
 Experienced in managing Data Centre vendors, out-sourcing vendors and project execution.
 Familiarity with equipment requirements in Data Centre such as Storage, servers and networking equipment such as routers, switches is a plus.
 DCIM knowledge and usage (CA DCIM preferred)
 Knowledge of TIA-942 standard and MAS TVRA
 Ability to multi-task and proficient in Microsoft Office applications; Excel &amp; PowerPoint
 Good communication skills
 Organized and detail-oriented
 Ability to work in a team

Certification
 B.S. in Electrical/Mechanical Engineering or a related field is preferred
 Additional experience may be substituted in lieu of a degree
 Certified Data Centre Professional or Equivalent
 Qualifications in ITIL Foundation level at a minimum