About Standard Chartered 
We are a leading international bank focused on helping people and companies prosper across Asia, Africa and the Middle East.  
To us, good performance is about much more than turning a profit.  It's about showing how you embody our valued behaviours - do the right thing, better together and never settle - as well as our brand promise, Here for good. 
We're committed to promoting equality in the workplace and creating an inclusive and flexible culture - one where everyone can realise their full potential and make a positive contribution to our organisation. This in turn helps us to provide better support to our broad client base.

Job Purpose
Process Universe &amp; Client Journeys: Implementation and maintenance of a simplified Process Universe aligned to Client Journeys for effective management of processes that are easy to interpret and implement at Group and Countries.
Operational Risk Management: Governance and oversight on maintenance of residual risk profile for all reporting purposes (internal and external); residual risk acceptance requests and treatment plans for timely achievement of target state.
Optimising Assurance Landscape: Continually optimise controls and assurance processes through hubbing, automation and analytics usage thereby reducing volume of work at countries while providing sharper monitors that highlight systemic weaknesses
Liaising with regions and countries not supported in the Hubs: Create the playbook that can be used by standalone countries and building an operating rhythm to eliminate, Automate and Hub
Embedding Group requirements in RB: Challenge, prioritise and implement ERMF, Phase 3 of EORP to ensure RB businesses follow Group policies and procedures. 
The Role Responsibilities
Strategy
Align to RB and COO strategic agenda and aid RB in growing responsibly supported by processes that allow faster and safer delivery of Retail products and processes in a commensurate control environment.
Business
Work with Segments, Product, Channel and relevant Functional Heads to drive the design, implementation, and maintenance of ERMF/ORTF in RB
Exchange feedback with the relevant Regional and Country Heads and Country management teams on ERMF/ORTF related matters
Maintain RB Process Universe and refresh periodically
Risk Management &amp; Assurance
Processes are optimised and right-shored as aligned to RB Group cost strategy by driving more through the centre of excellence
Processes and controls are automated and testing of the same is through Automated KCIs
Create a library of Automated Scenarios for Hubbed countries to perform and transfer the logic to standalone countries.
Challenge the GRA,CDA and controls to eliminate medium risk controls and convert them to preventive controls.
Overall responsible for the implementation of ERMF/ORTF in RB
Drive efficiency and HC saves in the hub and countries on BRM activities
Processes
Work with relevant BRM members and Risk Framework Owners (RFOs) establishing and maintaining KCIs, CSTs and KRIs to manage operational risk to maintain optimal assurance landscape for RB processes that are fit for business purpose and growth and are appropriately managed
All processes covered in RB Process Universe
Governance
Establish governance and oversight on maintenance of residual risk profile for all reporting purposes (internal and external); residual risk acceptance requests and treatment plans for timely achievement of target state
Regulatory &amp; Business conduct
Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct.
Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
Lead the team to achieve the outcomes set out in the Bank’s Conduct Principles: Fair Outcomes for Clients; The Right Environment
Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
People and Talent
Lead through example and build the appropriate culture and values.  Set appropriate tone and expectations from their team and work in collaboration with risk and control partners.
Ensure the provision of ongoing training and development of people, and ensure that holders of all critical functions are suitably skilled and qualified for their roles ensuring that they have effective supervision in place to mitigate any risks.
Employ, engage and retain high quality people, with succession planning for critical roles.
Responsibility to review team structure/capacity plans.
Set and monitor job descriptions and objectives for direct reports and provide feedback and rewards in line with their performance against those responsibilities and objectives.
Key Stakeholders
RBMT
RB COO Top Team
Key functional Heads, e.g.,
Head, FCC RB
Head of Legal RB
Head of Compliance RB;
Head, Operational Risk, RB
Chief Risk Officer RB;
Segment Operations Heads
Regional and Country BRM Heads
RPGS and Analytics teams in GBS India
Country RB Heads
Other Responsibilities
Embed Here for good and Group’s brand and values in RB COO team
Perform other responsibilities assigned under Group, Country, Business or Functional policies and procedures.
Our Ideal Candidate
Retail Banking Knowledge, Skills and Experience
Strong leadership and interpersonal skills in networking and influencing decisions taken in the business and in infrastructure teams.
Strong communication skills – oral, written and presentation.
Strategic mindset and with a macro dimension of business.
Good knowledge of specific area of business/product with a broad understanding of Banking business.
Strong analytical skills and ability to make decisions. Understanding Automation and Digitization tools
Good business judgment and strong in operational control and risk assessment.
Strong programme management skills

Apply now to join the Bank for those with big career ambitions. To view information on our benefits including our flexible working please visit our career pages.

How to Apply
Please visit - https://scb.taleo.net/careersection/ex/jobdetail.ftl?job=2000006890&amp;lang=en  to apply now and take the next step in fulfilling your potential.
You can search and view current opportunities across our global organisation and apply immediately by visiting www.standardchartered.com. 
To help speed up your application, please note the following:
•	You will need to log in (or register if you are visiting our careers site for the first time) before you can apply for a specific role
•	Some roles may require you to undertake an online talent assessment in addition to completing the application form (to facilitate this process it is preferable that you provide us with an email address as part of your contact information)
•	We will ask you about your education, career history and skills and experience, it may be helpful to have this information at hand when completing your application
It usually takes 15 - 20 minutes to complete the application form; you can save your application at any time and return to complete it at your convenience.
Diversity &amp; Inclusion 
Standard Chartered is committed to diversity and inclusion. We believe that a work environment which embraces diversity will enable us to get the best out of the broadest spectrum of people to sustain strong business performance and competitive advantage. By building an inclusive culture, each employee can develop a sense of belonging, and have the opportunity to maximise their personal potential.

