Recruit Express, a home-grown enterprise, is part of HRnet Group - listed on the SGX Singapore Exchange in 2017.

Our Modus-Operandi: Timely delivery. Quality candidates.
Companies choose to partner with us because of our ability to identify, qualify, and secure high calibre individuals with speed and accuracy. The largest SGX-listed staffing solutions organisation with over 200 employees in Singapore, Recruit Express Singapore has a proven track record in providing quality service and delivering performance.

As an end-to-end Trainee Recruiter, you will focus on offering excellent customer service to connect career opportunities to both companies and candidates. Our successful applicant will have skills in the following key areas:


  People networking, business development and account management.
  Manage client-candidate relationships to ensure a proactive recruitment process
  Sourcing/interviewing/qualifying candidates for various open recruitment projects
  Conduct contract offer for successful job placements
  Work closely in team-based &amp; dynamic organisation to support ongoing projects

Why work with a Talent organisation like Recruit Express Singapore?

  A vibrant &amp; outgoing Employee Culture
  Competitive salaries with a leading incentive programme
  Mentorship &amp; learning through strong experience leadership.
  Workshops &amp; platforms to recognise people who have done well
  Genuine career progression opportunities

Requirements:

  University Degree or experienced hire
  Ideally having 1 year of Sales/Business Development OR Customer Service experience
  Candidate must have strong communication, negotiation and presentation skills
  Ability to connect with and build relationships with various stakeholders and candidates
  Passionate about People environment, results driven, outgoing and confidence
  Candidates with no prior experience are also encouraged to apply (Mentorship/Guidance provided)


Should I apply?
We welcome all who is looking for a people-oriented &amp; progressive work environment!
If you are keen, please send your latest resume to joshuasim@recruitexpress.com.sg.
Shortlisted candidates will be contacted at our soonest availability.