Budget: Up to S$6000
Contract: 1 Year
Location: Changi Business Park


Successful candidate will be assigned to a banking client - Investment Trading Technology Risk Management

Job Purpose
Technology Risk Analyst is responsible for monitoring and reporting of the risk and controls associated with applications, infrastructure and processes. The scope covers risk governance of Treasury &amp; Market systems.

Key Accountabilities

  Monitor and track software risk and information security risk (i.e. APAR upgrades, privileged ID reviews)
  Identify and implement measures for process improvement, analyse tools for control and evaluate potential operational risks.
  Perform risk assessments on IT process and areas to identify control gaps. Ensure controls and processes meet the core requirements of the Bank. Work with other lines of business for consistency and leverage.
  Monitor and track performance of IT applications against Key Risk Indicators.
  Prepare required data/forms for regular reporting.
  Participate and coordinate in internal/external audit activities.
  Collaborate with various application teams to investigate on risk events and issues, review audit findings and propose solution for improvement. Follow-up on the solution until implementation.
  Take ownership of outstanding risk items and bring to closure.
  Assess New Product on technical perspective. Identify application impacted and ensure the necessary application can support the new product.
  Document on processes and system operation using CMMI document standards.
  Participate in post project review to identify areas for improvement.


Requirements

  At least 3 years’ experience in IT, preferably in technology risk.
  Possess a minimum of a degree in Information Technology or related discipline from a recognized institution.
  Familiar with IT controls over different operating systems and database platforms will be preferred.
  Experience in coordination involving various departments in the Bank.
  Understanding of technology processes, policies and risk measurements.
  Competencies (State the qualities, skills, behaviours and attitudes that the incumbent must possess in order to perform the responsibilities of this position.)
  Proficiency in risk management framework and conducting risk assessments in a financial institution is desired.
  Willing to learn and take new challenges with an open mind.
  Able to perform deep-dive investigation for control and process issues.
  Have a strong control and process management mindset, constantly paying attention to details.
  Demonstrates a good awareness of risk and fundamental risk concepts.
  Able to form good relationships, of pleasant and dynamic personality.
  Able to work independently and communicate confidently.
  Strong hands-on technical skills in end user computing tools (i.e MS Excel, MS Powerpoint and Sharepoint)

