Job Responsibilities:

  Manages and directs      supply chain and daily operation activities including shipping, transport,      warehousing, distribution, sourcing and inventory control.
  Plans, schedules and      reviews workload and manpower to ensure targets are being met on a      cost-effective basis.
  Manages stock control      and ensure that inventory records are accurate.
  Performs quality      controls by ensuring all goods received and shipped are in alignment with      specifications and quality requirements.
  Communicates with      all relevant parties to ensure delivery times are met.
  Communicates any      changes in the deliveries to all relevant parties and follow up on      interruptions to the deliveries.
  Organizes, plans,      and implements inventory activities.
  Improves operational      systems, processes and best practices for organizational well-being.
  Contributes towards      the achievement of Company’s strategic and operational objectives.
  Champions and leads      Emerson Perfect Execution Program such as expanding Express Range      continuously, reducing the lead time and improving the service level to      customers as well as operation efficiency by waste elimination through      Lean Projects.
  Supervises and trains      a team of warehouse workers and assemblers, tracking and measuring their      performance. Ensures that the team      has enough time to assemble and deliver products based on clients’      requests on a cost-effective basis.
  Ensures that health      and safety regulations of the warehouse and assembly operations are      strictly adhered to.

Job Requirements:

  Master / Bachelor’s Degree      in Logistics and Supply Chain Management or Business Management.
  Minimum 5 years of      relevant working experience with adequate knowledge of organizational      effectiveness and operations strategy management.
  Experience in the      strategic planning and transportation of products, ensuring that goods are      delivered in a good state and on time.
  Experience in      negotiating and working with freight forwarders, overseas factories,      suppliers.
  Knowledge of      managing returns and rejections professionally and promptly with      factories.
  Working knowledge of      budgets, forecasting and metrics.
  Excellent      communication skills both written and verbal.
  Ability to manage      time and workload effectively to meet tight deadlines and targets.
  Strong leadership      and organizational skills.
  Ability to work in a      team environment to engage and motivate team members.
