Level 2 SharePoint IT Support Engineer/Specialist

Critical Success Factors
Basic Criteria

  Having knowledge or working experience pertaining to SharePoint is required:

Ø Creating new SharePoint pages
Ø Deploying and maintaining Webparts
Ø Deploying and maintaining SharePoint apps

Preferred Criteria

  Knowledge of Office 365 (Exchange Hybrid (Exchange online) deployment and configuration is appreciated
  Strong knowledge and understanding about application architecture and how they interact with various systems.
  Strong troubleshooting skills and experience to resolve critical &amp; complex      incidents.
  Excellent communication skills and ability to handle communication at different levels and diverse population.
  Financial Services background (preferably in Capital Markets, Investment, Wealth Management).
  Knowledge of languages like SQL, JavaScript, SQ, ETC. is appreciated.

Role &amp; Responsibilities:

  Deployment and maintenance of SharePoint Online Webparts and Apps.
  Manage application jobs, and provide instructions to Level 1 Application Operations team for jobs recovery/execution.
  Escalate incident and event tickets to Level 3 teams within defined SLA in compliance to client’s incident management process.
  Perform and manage incident and event tickets, determine priority, and resolution from Level 1 escalation within defined SLA in compliance to Client’s incident management process.
  Well versed with ITIL Concepts - Incident, Problem, Change and Release      Management, Knowledge management.
  Review and plan continuous improvements to ensure smooth running of the      applications.
  Perform Service Requests (e.g. data patching, extraction of data or report, answer usage queries, etc.).


All of our consulting professionals receive comprehensive training covering business acumen, technical and professional skills development.  You’ll also have opportunities to hone your functional skills and expertise in an area of specialization.  We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialized skills faster. Learning takes place both on the job and through formal training conducted online, in the classroom, or in collaboration with teammates. The sheer variety of work we do, and the experience it offers, provide an unbeatable platform from which to build a career.

Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other basis as protected by applicable law.